{"id": "doc1", "text": "Ross Stores sees plenty of room for expansion as it continues to move into new markets."}
{"id": "doc2", "text": "The off-pricer opened 19 stores and seven dds Discounts outlets across nine different states in February and March. The locations are part of the companys plans to add approximately 100 new stores – 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations – during fiscal 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3", "text": "These recent openings reflect our ongoing plans to continue building our presence in both existing and newer markets, including the Midwest for Ross, and expansion of dds Discounts into Indiana, said Gregg McGillis, group executive VP, property development. “As we look out over the long-term, we remain confident that Ross can grow to 2,400 locations and dds discounts can become a chain of 600 stores given consumers ongoing focus on value."}
{"id": "doc4", "text": "Currently, Ross operates 1,565 namesake locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 266 dd’s Discounts stores in 20 states. "}
{"id": "doc5", "text": "Last week, Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates."}
{"id": "doc6", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc7", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc8", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc9", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc10", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc11", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc12", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc13", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc14", "text": "Walgreens is rolling out its on-demand delivery service well beyond the borders of New York City."}
{"id": "doc15", "text": "Following a successful implementation of the Postmates on-demand delivery service for items available at select Walgreens stores in New York City and Brooklyn in October 2019, Walgreens and Postmates are now making the service available in 13 additional cities."}
{"id": "doc16", "text": "Consumers in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Portland (Ore.), Washington, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and Houston can now get health and wellness and other convenience products, including select over-the-counter medications, delivered to them from Walgreens stores via Postmates."}
{"id": "doc17", "text": "Convenience is becoming increasingly important to our shoppers. They are looking to retailers, like Walgreens, to help them save time in their busy lives, said Stefanie Kruse, VP, digital commerce and omnichannel at Walgreens. Its all about getting customers what they need, when and where is most convenient for them. We look forward to making our core product assortment available in these new cities through our expanded ongoing collaboration with Postmates, a leader in the industry providing on-demand delivery to customers, direct-to-their-door, or wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc18", "text": "We are thrilled to expand delivery service from Walgreens stores to more cities, especially Los Angeles, where we are the market leader with more than 120% more market share than the closest competitor, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development at Postmates. The drug store/convenience category is one that customers turn to for convenience on the Postmates platform."}
{"id": "doc19", "text": "Customers can order items available at more than 1,700 participating Walgreens stores, via the Postmates site or app. They will pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates membership service, Postmates Unlimited, for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc20", "text": "Walgreens has been actively exploring on-demand delivery platforms since fall 2019. October 2019 also saw the drugstore giant went live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet."}
{"id": "doc21", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc22", "text": "The CEO of Tapestry is staying put for a while and taking on direct oversight of the company’s biggest brand. "}
{"id": "doc23", "text": "The luxury goods company, whose brands include Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, announced that Jide Zeitlin will continue as chairman and CEO for the next three years. It also said that Joshua Schulman, CEO and brand president of Coach, will leave the company after a transition period."}
{"id": "doc24", "text": "During the search for Schulman’s successor, Zeitlin will have direct oversight of Coachs strategy and operations, working closely with the brands senior leadership team. Coach is Tapestry’s largest brand. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion in the company’s recently reported second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc25", "text": "Zeitlin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, was elected to Tapestry’s board in spring 2006 and was named board chairman in fall 2014. He was tapped as CEO last September, following the abrupt departure of Victor Luis, with Tapestry stating that at the “appropriate time, Zeitlin, with his board colleagues, will lead a search for a future chief executive officer.”"}
{"id": "doc26", "text": "Since becoming CEO, I have had the opportunity to immerse myself in the company, including leading an in-depth review of the brands and businesses,” stated Zeitlin. “The review revealed attractive growth opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, which we will unlock by further leveraging each brand’s differentiated positioning and strong consumer connections, powered by a modern, agile Tapestry platform.”"}
{"id": "doc27", "text": "Tapestry has experienced a series of leadership changes. In February, Liz Fraser was appointed CEO and president of the struggling Kate Spade. In other changes, Giorgio Sarné, president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, was promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. And Yann Bozec, president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China, was also promoted — to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific — while continuing as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc28", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc29", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc30", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc31", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc32", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc33", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc34", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc35", "text": "Retailers are less likely than companies in many other sectors to prioritize the use of enterprise data."}
{"id": "doc36", "text": "According to “What is Your Data Really Worth?,” a new global study of 1,350 business and IT decision-makers from data analysis platform Splunk, organizations that place a strong strategic emphasis on data and its business value add an average of 5.32% to their annual revenue. These companies also remove an average of 4.85% from their annual operational costs, and 97% meet or exceed their customer retention targets, with the majority (60%) having outstripped their goals. Ninety-three percent feel they tend to make better, faster decisions than competitors."}
{"id": "doc37", "text": "Despite these benefits, only 35% of retail organizations surveyed are “data-obsessed,” and 38% spend less than 10% of their IT budget on data and analytics. In comparison, 51% of all respondents are data-obsessed and only 20% spend less than 10% of their IT budget on data and analytics."}
{"id": "doc38", "text": "However, most surveyed retailers recognize the link between data use and the potential to improve business outcomes. About eight in 10 (79%) agree they will be disrupted if they cannot improve their ability to use data to better customize products and offers to customers."}
{"id": "doc39", "text": "The survey also reveals that roughly half or less of surveyed retailers have been able to achieve a number of significant benefits due to improved ability to use their data. These include:"}
{"id": "doc40", "text": "•    Ensuring customers’ data security and privacy (53%)•    Better and more proactive protection from cyberthreats (47%)•    Better management of supply chain/optimized supply chain (43%)•    Better management of inventory/optimized stock levels (43%)•    Ability to better personalize offers, products and customer service (38%)•    Improved order fulfillment and delivery (36%)•    Implementation of a more effective loyalty program (34%)•    Offering better, consistent customer experience across channels (32%)"}
{"id": "doc41", "text": "Splunk and Enterprise Strategy Group surveyed executives in the retail, technology, finance, communications & media, manufacturing & resources, healthcare & life sciences, public sector, and higher education industries in the U.S., Australia, U.K., Germany, France, China, and Japan."}
{"id": "doc42", "text": "Schnucks is getting out of the pharmacy business. "}
{"id": "doc43", "text": "CVS Pharmacy has entered into an agreement to acquire Schnuck Markets Inc.s retail and specialty pharmacy businesses. Under the agreement, CVS Pharmacy will acquire and operate 99 of the grocers pharmacies and will brand them as CVS Pharmacy. Additionally, CVS Pharmacy will acquire the prescription files from 11 Schnucks pharmacies and transfer them to nearby CVS Pharmacy locations."}
{"id": "doc44", "text": "This will not be the first time that CVS Pharmacy will operate its pharmacies in a store-within-a-store format. In December 2015, the company acquired Targets 1,672 pharmacies nationwide. (In addition, a CVS/pharmacy is included in all new Target stores that offer pharmacy services.)"}
{"id": "doc45", "text": "CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks positioned the deal as a strategic move to bring together the established Midwestern grocer and CVS Pharmacy’s pharmacy services and clinical expertise. CVS Health noted that the agreement also provides it with a “capital-efficient” way to expand into key markets. "}
{"id": "doc46", "text": "Founded in St. Louis in 1939, Schnuck Markets, Inc. is a third-generation, family-owned retailer operating 112 stores in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa. "}
{"id": "doc47", "text": "We have great admiration for Schnucks and believe CVS Pharmacy can bring additional clinical services to its customers,” Jon Roberts, executive VP and COO, CVS Health. “One of CVS Healths strategic imperatives is to Be Local. By opening CVS Pharmacy locations within Schnucks stores, were increasing access to high quality care and meeting customers where they are.”"}
{"id": "doc48", "text": "The companies also highlighted their shared belief on not selling tobacco products. CVS Pharmacy stopped selling tobacco in 2014, while Schnucks stopped selling the category at the beginning of this year."}
{"id": "doc49", "text": "As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus, said Todd Schnuck, chairman and CEO of Schnucks. This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain."}
{"id": "doc50", "text": "Once the deal is completed, Schnucks customers will have access to CVS Pharmacy’s various patient care programs, including health management opportunities, the CVS Pharmacy app and medication management via CVs Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule. "}
{"id": "doc51", "text": "CVS Pharmacy said that it would post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions and interview all Schnucks employees who apply. Changes will roll out over the course of several months following the completion of the transaction, which is expected to close by the end of the second quarter."}
{"id": "doc52", "text": "In 2014, CVS Pharmacy became the first and only major retail pharmacy to remove tobacco from its shelves. Schnucks stores became tobacco-free as of January 1, 2020. Schnucks decision to exit tobacco further aligns the company with CVS Health."}
{"id": "doc53", "text": "“As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus,” said Todd Schnuck, chairman and chief executive officer of Schnucks. “This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain.”"}
{"id": "doc54", "text": "To provide continuity for Schnucks pharmacy customers, CVS Pharmacy will post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions, and will interview all Schnucks employees who apply. In-store changes will be rolled out over a period of several months after the completion of the transaction as CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks work to ensure the smoothest possible transition for all pharmacy patients. "}
{"id": "doc55", "text": "Schnucks Specialty pharmacy patients will benefit from CVS Specialtys expertise in providing ongoing disease education, counseling and benefits verification, as well as coordination of care with multiple health care providers, comprehensive patient education and adherence management."}
{"id": "doc56", "text": "Following completion of the transaction, all Schnucks pharmacy customers will have access to CVS Pharmacys leading pharmacy care programs, features of which include: "}
{"id": "doc57", "text": "•    Opportunities for patients to manage their health with more ease and efficiency and gain access to programs that help them start and stay on their prescriptions while reducing overall health care costs. With the CVS Pharmacy app, patients can be notified when prescriptions are ready for pick-up and order refills digitally."}
{"id": "doc58", "text": "•    Simplification of medication management for patients with multiple prescriptions, through the utilization of the CVS Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule, a tool that provides a complete picture of the patients current CVS Pharmacy prescription information all in one place, including the name of each medication, when to take it, and how much medication to take in each dose. "}
{"id": "doc59", "text": "The transaction is expected to be completed by end of the second quarter and is subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc60", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has a new chief merchant."}
{"id": "doc61", "text": "The home goods chain named Joe Hartsig as executive VP, chief merchandising officer of Bed Bath & Beyond and president of the company’s cosmetics, health and beauty business, Harmon Stores Inc., effective immediately."}
{"id": "doc62", "text": "Most recently, Hartsig served as senior VP and chief merchandising officer at Walgreens, where he managed the front of store retail products division. Prior to Walgreens, which he joined in 2013, Hartsig served as senior VP, GMM, at Walmart’s Sam’s Club. Before that, he was with Motorola. "}
{"id": "doc63", "text": "Hartsig’s appointment comes as Mark Tritton, who joined Bed Bath & Beyond as CEO in late 2019 from Target Corp., where he was chief merchant, is working to turn around the struggling chain. In December, Bed Bath & Beyond announced the departure of six executives, including the company’s chief merchant and chief marketing officer. Most recently, it announced a reduction in the size of its corporate workforce as part of a restructuring to streamline field operations."}
{"id": "doc64", "text": "At Bed Bath & Beyond, Hartsig, who will report directly to Tritton, will be responsible for developing and implementing its product strategy, which involves launching new private label brands, one of the keys to its new strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc65", "text": "“Joes experience as one of the leading innovators in retail makes him perfectly suited to help re-establish our authority in the home, baby and beauty markets and were excited to welcome him to this critically important role,” said Tritton. “Improving the curation and differentiation of our assortment is our number one strategic priority, and Joe will be the driving force behind our ambition to make it easy to feel at home with Bed Bath & Beyond, while also providing the leadership and vision needed to grow our Harmon business."}
{"id": "doc66", "text": "In a statement, Hartsig said the opportunity to help rebuild “an iconic brand like Bed Bath & Beyond was too good to miss."}
{"id": "doc67", "text": "Mark [Tritton] has a clear vision to reconstruct a modern, durable business model with a differentiated merchandising strategy at its heart,” he added."}
{"id": "doc68", "text": "The company said it is on track in its search to fill a number of other strategic leadership roles and that it would provide an update on additional hires soon."}
{"id": "doc69", "text": "Burlington Stores is getting out of the e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc70", "text": "After reporting fourth-quarter sales and earnings that beat Street estimates, the off-price retailer dropped a bombshell on its quarterly call with analysts. Company executives said that Burlington is winding down its e-commerce operations, which account for about 0.5% of total sales, and focus on growing its bricks-and-mortar business. The company currently operates 720 stores in 45 states and Puerto Rico. "}
{"id": "doc71", "text": "“In our business, which is a moderate off-price business, the nature of the treasure hunt and the average price point that we operate at mean that bricks-and-mortar stores have a significant competitive and economic advantage over e-commerce,” CEO Michael O’Sullivan told analysts. “We intend to focus our energy and resources on driving profitable sales growth in our bricks-and-mortar stores. We will also continue to aggressively expand and upgrade this store network through our new store opening and remodel programs.”"}
{"id": "doc72", "text": "In fiscal 2020, Burlington expects to open 80 new locations and close or relocate 26 stores. Its average new store size in fiscal 2020 will be 39,700 sq. ft., the first time the average will be less than 40,000 square feet, noted Burlington CFO John Crimmins. "}
{"id": "doc73", "text": "The retailer reported net income of $206 million, or $3.08 a share, in the quarter ended Feb.1, up from $184.4 million, or $2.70 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to $3.25, just ahead of analysts’ estimates of $3.23. "}
{"id": "doc74", "text": "Sales rose 10.5% to $2.201 billion, in line with estimates. Same-store sales rose 3.9%.“Overall we generated a 10.5% sales increase, which resulted in a 40 basis point increase in adjusted EBIT margin, and a 15% increase in adjusted EPS, ahead of both our original and recently updated guidance” stated O’Sullivan.” In addition, our inventory management made further progress during the fourth quarter, as our comparable store inventory decreased 15%, putting us in a very opportunistic inventory position as we enter fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc75", "text": "For the first quarter, the retailer expects sales to rise 8% to 9% and for adjusted EPS to range from $1.29 to $1.34, below the $1.45 analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc76", "text": "Target Corp. on Tuesday detailed several new initiatives for 2020, including robust expansion of its smaller-sized format, the scaling of a robotics solution and the addition of alcoholic beverages and fresh groceries to its pickup services."}
{"id": "doc77", "text": "The retailer revealed its plans at an investors meeting following the release of its fourth-quarter earnings. Target’s net income earnings grew 4.4% to $834 million for the quarter.  "}
{"id": "doc78", "text": "Following the opening of its 100th small-format store last year, Target is planning to open nearly 36 locations in 2020, making it the biggest year to date for small-format expansion. Targets smaller-sized stores contributed more than $1 billion in total sales in 2019."}
{"id": "doc79", "text": "Target also said it will begin exploring sites for stores that are approximately 6,000 sq. ft. – roughly half the size of its smallest small-format store – as it looks to reach even more shoppers in urban neighborhoods and on college campuses. Target expects to sign the first lease for the new smaller format in 2020, with an opening date in 2021."}
{"id": "doc80", "text": "Meanwhile, the chain’s remodel program remains on track to complete more than 1,000 store remodels nationwide by yearend, with about 300 locations to be updated this year.  (The average sales lift of a remodeled Target store has been in the range of 2% to 4% in year one, with an average of more than 2% in the second year.)"}
{"id": "doc81", "text": "As part of its remodel program, Target plans to test a new front-of-store layout designed to create a more welcoming first impression, with fresh flower displays, a curated product assortment and lower walls and counters to make it easier for associates to help customers."}
{"id": "doc82", "text": "In addition, Target will also unveil a “transformed” electronics department in 200 stores this year, followed by 200 more stores in 2021. The new experience will create a more inviting destination, offering a compelling showcase for top brands and dedicated spaces for the retailers trained tech consultants to assist shoppers, the company said."}
{"id": "doc83", "text": "In other initiatives: •    To increase the speed and efficiency of its supply chain, Target will begin scaling robotics solutions that have been in development and testing across the country to replenish inventory to hundreds of stores by the summer of 2020. The technology enables precise sorting on an aisle-by-aisle basis to help store associates fill shelves easier and faster while reducing backroom inventory. "}
{"id": "doc84", "text": "In 2020, Target also will open new warehouses near key markets, including New York and southern California, to more efficiently replenish stores in high-volume areas."}
{"id": "doc85", "text": "•    Target will offer an assortment of fresh grocery and adult beverage items via its order pickup and drive up fulfillment. Shoppers will be able to order popular grocery items such as milk, eggs, bananas and more, and have their items delivered directly to their car or ready to pick up at a Target store. Testing will begin in Minneapolis-area stores in the spring, with plans to expand the service to nearly half of Targets stores in time for the holiday season. "}
{"id": "doc86", "text": "Target also will test adult beverage fulfillment through Order Pickup and Drive Up in more than one hundred stores in Florida and Oregon this spring, with plans to expand the service to the majority of its stores by the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc87", "text": "Amazon’s upcoming fleet of electric delivery vans will be easy and safe to drive, as well as sustainable."}
{"id": "doc88", "text": "In a new corporate blog post, Meg Coyle, video content manager at Amazon, describes the driver-centric design strategy Amazon uses for 100,000 electric delivery vans it has ordered from sustainable vehicle manufacturer Rivian. This $440 million investment, part of Amazon’s commitment to the Climate Pledge, represents what the e-tailer says is the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles. Vans are slated to start delivering packages to customers in 2021.  "}
{"id": "doc89", "text": "In addition to having zero emissions, the vehicles are designed to include a suite of advanced safety technology and industry-leading features, including automated emergency braking, front wheel and all-wheel drive options, lane keep assist, pedestrian warning system, traffic sign recognition, an automatic warning system that detects distracted driver behavior, and adaptive seatbelts and airbags that adjust to the size and weight of the driver."}
{"id": "doc90", "text": "A digital instrument cluster and central display screen will be integrated with Amazons logistics management and routing. The built-in mapping technology, along with package delivery information, is designed to eliminate the need for extra handheld devices. Drivers will also be able to ask the Amazon Alexa artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped voice assistant for help, or use voice commands in the cargo bay when sorting packages."}
{"id": "doc91", "text": "The design includes durable, resistant materials meant to make it lighter and nimbler than traditional delivery vans. This, in turn, is intended to make the vehicles quieter and easier to navigate, especially in a tight, urban environment. Additionally, the vehicle cabin is optimized for quick package access, with a traditional hinged door on the driver side for optimum driver safety, and a sliding passenger door and foldable passenger seat for quick entry and exit. A rear roll-up door will support more efficient package loading."}
{"id": "doc92", "text": "Other ergonomic and functional design features include temperature-controlled seats, as well as heated steering wheels and armrests powered by an intelligent occupant cabin thermal controls system designed to reduce energy consumption."}
{"id": "doc93", "text": "Amazon plans to have 10,000 of the new electric vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030."}
{"id": "doc94", "text": "We wanted to really work backwards from how the driver uses the vehicle, said Ross Rachey, director of Amazons global fleet. From the moment they step into the vehicle, to when theyre driving, when they park and look for a package, and how they exit the vehicle. Everythings been customized for how they use that vehicle.”"}
{"id": "doc95", "text": "A rideshare service with a strong omnichannel commerce presence is testing self-driving cars in several major markets."}
{"id": "doc96", "text": "The Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) division of Uber, which develops and deploys autonomous vehicles, is running pilots of self-driving cars in Dallas, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto, and Washington, D.C. Uber uses a phased approach in its self-driving car pilots, beginning with a specially trained safety driver (called a mission specialist) in full control of the driving task at all times. "}
{"id": "doc97", "text": "The vehicles are equipped with a sensor kit that makes them recognizable to other road users. Data gathered during this stage informs development of high-definition maps and common driving scenarios."}
{"id": "doc98", "text": "After self-driving technology has been thoroughly tested in simulation and on a test track, Uber deploys it on public roads in the areas it has mapped. At present, all self-driving system testing on a track or public road is done with two mission specialists in each vehicle. During these tests, Uber may carry select or whitelisted passengers who are not Uber employees."}
{"id": "doc99", "text": "Planned future steps include having computer-driven cars with a mission specialist behind the wheel take public passengers, and testing the self-driving system on public roads without a mission specialist in the front seat. Currently, Uber only runs tests during daylight hours in clear weather, and all pilots are occurring within city limits."}
{"id": "doc100", "text": "In Dallas and Toronto, Uber is testing no more than two self-driving cars on a given day, with a mission specialist driving and co-pilot in the passenger seat. The Washington, D.C., pilot is following the same protocol, but with up to four vehicles on the road on a given day. In Pittsburgh, Uber is testing around 20 computer-driven cars on a given day, with a mission specialist behind the wheel (not driving) and co-pilot in the passenger seat."}
{"id": "doc101", "text": "“Ultimately, we want to bring self-driving vehicles to the Uber network around the world,” Uber said in a corporate blog post. “As we develop our technology and start work in new cities, we want our stakeholders in those cities—future riders and other road users, government officials, public safety officials, and community groups—to know what to expect. We may collect personal data, such as individuals images, in connection with the operation of self-driving vehicles.”"}
{"id": "doc102", "text": "Uber temporarily halted on-road testing of autonomous vehicles following a March 2018 fatal accident involving a self-driving car in Tempe, Ariz. The company began an on-road pilot of the technology in Pittsburgh in December 2018. According to TechCrunch, the San Francisco test will last a few weeks and involve two Volvo XC90 vehicles equipped with Uber’s self-driving system."}
{"id": "doc103", "text": "Although Uber has not given any indication that its self-driving cars might be used for delivering online orders, its Uber Eats on-demand delivery platform supports numerous quick-service delivery programs, including those offered by Starbucks, McDonald’s and Burger King. According to a recent survey, the most popular food delivery app in the U.S. is Uber Eats."}
{"id": "doc104", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens is adding two new quick-service food retailers looking to expand their operations."}
{"id": "doc105", "text": "Launched in October 2019 and located in Redwood City, Calif., DoorDash Kitchens is a to-go-only shared commissary kitchen concept that enables local and national restaurants to offer delivery, pickup, and group order options to consumers in the California Peninsula area. Two San Francisco-based restaurants, RT Rotisserie and The Italian Homemade Company, are joining the program."}
{"id": "doc106", "text": "A casual dining spinoff of Rich Table, RT Rotisserie has two locations in San Francisco and is seeking to reach new customers outside its immediate vicinity, without the typical costs and risks associated with opening new storefronts."}
{"id": "doc107", "text": "The Italian Homemade Company operates seven locations in the Bay Area and Los Angeles area, and plans to open new brick-and-mortar stores in Los Angeles and Chicago during 2020. Italian Homemade seeks to expand its brand in a new market close to its headquarters without the typical associated overhead costs, and to expand its catering business. Like all of its other locations, Italian Homemade’s DoorDash Kitchens store will feature a permanent chef from Italy."}
{"id": "doc108", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens provides on-demand delivery access from restaurants to customers across seven Bay Area markets including Atherton, Belmont, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, and Woodside. Pickup options are available to customers in 13 suburban markets including Atherton, Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, San Mateo, Sunnyvale, and Woodside. Customers within range of DoorDash Kitchens can open up the DoorDash app and find these restaurants in their feed."}
{"id": "doc109", "text": "With DoorDash Kitchens, foodservice retailers can gain access to new customers in neighboring communities without the same overhead costs involved in opening additional store locations. DoorDash Kitchens provides the infrastructure, maintenance, marketing, and last-mile logistics, offering an end-to-end online sales and delivery solution."}
{"id": "doc110", "text": "DoorDash works in partnership with each merchant, co-designing the DoorDash Kitchens space with the restaurants to customize the environment to their needs. "}
{"id": "doc111", "text": "DoorDash operates in more than 4,000 cities across all 50 states."}
{"id": "doc112", "text": "A specialty westernwear retailer is spurring growth by integrating new electronic data interchange (EDI) capabilities with its ERP platform."}
{"id": "doc113", "text": "Texas-based Cavender’s, which operates 84 stores across 11 Southern and Midwestern states, has integrated the TrueCommerce ecUtopia EDI solution with its existing Jesta I.S. Vision Suite ERP platform. The ecUtopia solution replaces a previously implemented EDI tool which Cavender’s determined would not support planned growth initiatives, improved vendor partnerships, inventory expansion, or advancement of its technical and data analytics capabilities."}
{"id": "doc114", "text": "Since deploying TrueCommerce technology, Cavender’s has enhanced collaboration with vendors, including the ability to share analytics, which helps optimize product availability. Three-way matching of POs, packing slips and invoices enhances productivity across multiple departments, while automating manual processes allows staff to move from operational to customer-facing roles"}
{"id": "doc115", "text": "In addition, new EDI-driven capabilities help cut shipping costs and lead times while optimizing inventory, and seamless integration automates the movement of EDI data in and out of the retailer’s Jesta’s Vision Suite ERP platform. For smaller vendors that don’t use EDI, the EDI portal helps automate communication."}
{"id": "doc116", "text": "Cavender’s is also rolling out carton-level receiving, assumed receiving and other operational automations made possible by TrueCommerce technology. Furthermore, the retailer says its merchandising department has better visibility into product flow and order fulfillment, enabling earlier detection of problems such as missing or incomplete vendor shipments."}
{"id": "doc117", "text": "Looking ahead, Cavender’s is considering leveraging its advanced EDI capabilities to support activities such as direct-to-customer vendor shipping, vendor-managed inventory (VMI), and vendor-managed analytics. "}
{"id": "doc118", "text": "“The TrueCommerce ecUtopia Platform offers Cavender’s ways to advance our business, our communications and our partnerships with vendors,” said Larry Waterman, executive VP and COO, Cavender’s. “It brings rich data analytics to our business and enables us to leverage new opportunities like direct-to-customer vendor shipping and other distribution strategies. They’re a great company with incredible technology and customer support capabilities, along with a partnership-oriented approach.”"}
{"id": "doc119", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc120", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc121", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc122", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc123", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc124", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc125", "text": "Target Corp. is taking extra precautions to keep its stores clean in the wake of the coronavirus —including increasing its payroll. "}
{"id": "doc126", "text": "In an open letter to customers posted on the discounter’s website, Target CEO Brian Cornell said that on top of its daily cleaning procedures, Target is adding hours to each store’s payroll to make its routines even more rigorous."}
{"id": "doc127", "text": "“This means more time will be spent cleaning our stores, including cleaning surfaces like checklanes and touchscreens at least every 30 minutes,” he noted. “Like many others, we’re taking guidance from the CDC, which recommends regular cleaning as one of the most important preventive measures we can take. And, out of an abundance of caution, we’ve temporarily stopped food sampling in our stores.”"}
{"id": "doc128", "text": "The retailer also has started to limit the number of key items per purchase in an effort to allow more shoppers to get what they need. The Minneapolis StarTribune reported that Target posted signs in its stores during the past weekend that read: "}
{"id": "doc129", "text": "“Due to high demand and to support all guests, we will be limiting the quantities of disinfectant wipes, hand sanitizers and hand & face wipes to six per guest.”"}
{"id": "doc130", "text": "In his letter, Cornell said that Target is providing its associates with “up-to-the-moment guidance and information so they can keep themselves and their families safe.”"}
{"id": "doc131", "text": "“We’re encouraging sick team members to stay home and asking our teams to travel only if it’s business-critical,” Cornell said. “And, to help support our team in real-time, we’ve set up a forum where we’re sharing information and taking questions 24/7.”"}
{"id": "doc132", "text": "Target Corp. is exploring the future of online gaming and wants consumers to join in the fun."}
{"id": "doc133", "text": "The retailer has opened “Game Room,” described as a “play space for tomorrow’s gamer,” at Target Open House, which is located in San Francisco’s Metreon center. Target opened the site in 2015 as a concept store to showcase smart home technologies and products. It was described as part retail space, part lab, and part meeting venue for the connected home tech community. "}
{"id": "doc134", "text": "Target has completely redone Open House to focus on the future of digital gaming. It’s an immersive space that invites customers to play games and try out new gaming technologies. Some, but not all, of the featured items, which are from start-ups as well as seasoned vendors, are for sale."}
{"id": "doc135", "text": "“We aren’t just showing you tomorrow’s gaming,” Target said on its Open House website. “We hand you a controller and invite you to take it for a spin. In our Game Room, gamers of all skill levels can find new tools to double-jump into an exciting gaming future.”"}
{"id": "doc136", "text": "Game Room will also feature various events, from meets-and-greets to tournaments to talks."}
{"id": "doc137", "text": "The digitally native, eco-friendly footwear company that makes women’s shoes out of recycled and sustainable materials has touched down in New York City.  "}
{"id": "doc138", "text": "Rothy’s has opened its first store in New York City, a 750-sq.-ft. shop on Bleecker Street in Manhattan’s West Village. It’s the brand fourth physical store to date, with existing locations in San Francisco, Boston and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc139", "text": "“We made the decision to make Bleecker Street our next store because New York is one of our top markets, and we felt it was the right time to establish a physical presence in a community that has so warmly embraced us online,” the company stated. "}
{"id": "doc140", "text": "Rothy’s took the same design approach to its new brick-and-mortar outpost as it does to its shoes. The interior features clean lines and quality craftsmanship, with a goal of making the customer feel both stylish and comfortable.  "}
{"id": "doc141", "text": "“Our stores are designed to be product first, allowing shoppers to experience every thoughtful detail that goes into a pair of Rothy’s,” the company said."}
{"id": "doc142", "text": "At opening, the Bleecker Street location showcases the brand’s entry into a new category — totes and bags— with a smaller assortment of Rothy’s newest shoe collections alongside customer-fave classics. The assortment is designed to provide a holistic view of Rothy’s product offerings, while celebrating its latest launch."}
{"id": "doc143", "text": "Space prohibits the store from carrying full inventory. But anything not stocked at our Bleecker Street location can be purchased from Rothy’s website with the help of our store associates."}
{"id": "doc144", "text": "Rothy’s shoes and bags are made from recycled materials, including recycled plastic water bottles. The shoes — all flats, and priced at $125 to $165 — are knitted together, making them extremely comfortable, according to fans. "}
{"id": "doc145", "text": "Rothy’s recently made its first foray into a new material, sustainably sourced merino wool, with its Merino Collection."}
{"id": "doc146", "text": "Dollar General Corp. has expanded its national footprint to 45 states."}
{"id": "doc147", "text": "The discounter has opened a store in Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, its first in the state. In September 2019, Dollar General announced plans to expand its presence into Washington and Wyoming. Grand opening celebrations for stores in Washington are currently scheduled for early spring 2020."}
{"id": "doc148", "text": "In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020. The company operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc149", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported stronger earnings and sales than analysts had expected as shoppers stock up on goods in light of the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc150", "text": "“February sales benefited from an uptick in consumer demand in the fourth week of the reporting period,” the company stated. “We attribute this to concerns over the Coronavirus and estimate the positive impact on total and comparable sales to be approximately 3%.”"}
{"id": "doc151", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Costco CEO Richard Galanti said that “these last nine or so days has been beyond busy.” In addition to stocking up on things such as water, sanitizers and other household goods, consumers also have been buying bigger big-ticket items, he added."}
{"id": "doc152", "text": "Costco earned $931 million, or $2.10 a share, for the quarter ended Feb.16, compared with $889 million, or $2.01 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.05 a share. "}
{"id": "doc153", "text": " Sales rose 10.5% to $38.3 billion, beating estimates of $38.22 million. Same-store sales rose 8.9% or 7.9% excluding the impact of gasoline prices and currency fluctuations. E-commerce comp sales rose 28.4%."}
{"id": "doc154", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc155", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods efforts to avoid bankruptcy have apparently failed. "}
{"id": "doc156", "text": "The New York-based athletic gear retailer is prepping to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, reported the New York Post. Modell’s has stopped shopping for a white-knight investor as it scrambles to renegotiate its 140 leases across the New York metro area, company CEO Mitch Modell told the Post. It is also giving up on renegotiating terms with its vendors."}
{"id": "doc157", "text": "Modell’s is hoping that Denver-based sportswear retailer JackRabbit will buy it out of Chapter 11, according to the report, which cited a source with knowledge of the situation. Modell himself did not comment on whether the company is in discussions with JackRabbit. He told the Post that “a lot of companies are taking a look at us.”"}
{"id": "doc158", "text": "To read the full Post article, click here."}
{"id": "doc159", "text": "Albertsons Companies is looking to return to the public arena."}
{"id": "doc160", "text": "The nation’s second-largest supermarket retailer filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed initial public offering. Albertsons plans to list under the ticker ACI on the New York Stock Exchange."}
{"id": "doc161", "text": "In its filing, Albertsons listed the size of the offering as $100 million. But this is likely a placeholder for a deal that could raise up to $2 billion, according to reports."}
{"id": "doc162", "text": "Albertsons operates approximately 2,260 stores under 20 different banners in 24 states. It earned $131 million on revenue of $61 billion for the fiscal year ended Feb. 23, 2019, up from income of $46 million on revenue of $60 billion during the year-ago period. In its prospectus, Albertsons said its same-store sales have grown for eight consecutive quarters."}
{"id": "doc163", "text": "“We are proud of the progress we have made over the past few years, and believe we have a long runway for growth ahead of us,” CEO Vivek Sankaran said."}
{"id": "doc164", "text": "The company, backed by private equity firm Cerberus, previously filed for an IPO in 2015. But it postponed the offering and eventually withdrew it in 2018 ahead of its planned merger with Rite-Aid. (The deal fell apart due to investor pushback.)"}
{"id": "doc165", "text": "Albertsons’ banners include Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs."}
{"id": "doc166", "text": "For an in-depth analysis of Albertsons by CSA sister publication Retail Leader, click here. "}
{"id": "doc167", "text": "American Eagle Outfitters’ fourth-quarter sales and earnings beat analysts’ estimates fueled by strong demand for its Aerie intimates brand."}
{"id": "doc168", "text": "Aerie has been a major growth driver for the company in recent years, with its inclusive, body-positive messaging resonating with younger shoppers. American Eagle intends to build on the brand’s growing momentum. It intends to accelerate the growth of Aerie in 2020, opening 60 to 70 stores, with a heavy emphasis on stand-alone locations, executives said on the company’s quarterly earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc169", "text": "“We are seeing very strong returns from our investments in new and remodeled stores as well, including exceptional growth trends in newer markets like Dallas, Houston and Denver,” Jennifer Foyle, executive VP and global brand president-Aerie, said during the call. “Weve entered 2020 with momentum and we look forward to achieving our milestone of $1 billion in short order.”"}
{"id": "doc170", "text": "American Eagle reported net income of $3.8 million, or $0.3 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $76.2 million, or $0. 43 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were $0. 37 cents a share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc171", "text": "Revenue rose 6% to $1.31 billion from $1.24 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts had estimated revenue of $1.27 billion. "}
{"id": "doc172", "text": "Consolidated comparable sales increased 2%. It was the 20th consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales decreased 3%. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 26%, following a 23% increase last year, marking the 21stconsecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth."}
{"id": "doc173", "text": "For the full year, American Eagle’s net revenue increased 7% to a record $4.3 billion. Consolidated comparable sales increased 3%. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales were up slightly. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 20%"}
{"id": "doc174", "text": "“Although we faced some challenges in 2019, we made good progress on our strategic growth pillars, posting record revenues, said Jay Schottenstein, AEO’s chairman and CEO. “We saw strong customer engagement and positive traffic across brands and channels. Aerie delivered exceptional growth, led by its unique brand positioning and strong customer connection, and has significant runway ahead. American Eagle also saw growth in its signature jeans and bottoms categories, where we continue to gain meaningful market share. I’m also pleased that we successfully cleared through excess holiday inventory, ending the year well-positioned.”"}
{"id": "doc175", "text": "The retailer ended the year with a total of 1,095 stores. During the year, American Eagle opened 37 Aerie standalone stores, ending the year with 148 Aerie stand-alone locations (included in total store count.)"}
{"id": "doc176", "text": "In today’s market, no two retail development transactions are alike. Every development project and tenant client have their own challenges; whether it is obtaining variances, creating site accessibility, or assembling land to create a development site. One common trait of a successful developer is knowing the challenges and having the experience of dealing with a wide range of issues that are relevant to each land assemblage transaction. Here are five of the top unknowns in development and how DLC turned them into opportunities for success.Unknown 1: Turning an Irregular and Non-Prototypical Location into a Fully Functioning PrototypeDevelopers need to be able to visualize the transformation of what is currently there to what could be there. Take the Walgreens DLC developed in Paterson, NJ. We were tasked with finding a site for Walgreens directly across from St. Joseph’s Regional Medical Center, a state-designated trauma center that cares for the most complex cases. Securing a site big enough to develop a Walgreens was virtually impossible given the extreme density of the area. We put on our thinking cap and came up with a plan of assembling ten contiguous properties, owned by seven different owners to create a perfect site. Finding the land was only half the battle. Directly across the street from our development location, was a local pharmacy which had an existing multimillion-dollar business with the Hospital. DLC was able to facilitate a deal with the owner, where they would sell the existing business to Walgreens. Not only did we deliver a non-prototypical store that functioned just as well as a prototype, but developed the site with huge retail potential into a location that became a top ten store in the chain within a year."}
{"id": "doc177", "text": "Unknown 2: Taking Inferior Limited Access and Converting it to Full Access   For the development of a Chick-fil-A site in Farmingdale, NY, site accessibility was the cornerstone factor in the deal. We were tasked with finding a Chick-fil-A site on State Route 110, where 55,000 cars pass daily. It seemed ideal to create a site on a signalized corner with access from all direction. However, at the particular intersection of Gazza Boulevard and State RT. 110, there were no hard corners available to develop. With one parcel of land – one lot off the hard corner – under control, we had to create access back to Gazza Boulevard to create an entry point to the signalized intersection. We negotiated a deal with a local business owner to purchase his parcel of land which ultimately gave us the much-needed access back to Gazza Boulevard. Thanks to the improved accessibility of the site, this Farmingdale location is forecasted to be the top performer in Long Island. Remember, inferior accessibility could render a site useless.Unknown 3: Poor Signage, Poor Business For a Chick-fil-A site in Farmingdale, NY, we had to apply for a few different sign variances. The most important of which was obtaining a variance from the New York State Department of Transportation to allow us to erect a monument sign on State land in between the Chick-fil-A building and Rt. 110. The State did not allow an easy pass for us. Not only did we have to negotiate an easement agreement to use their land, but we also had to show the engineering study that this sign would not impede drivers’ line of vision while exiting the site. We coordinated our efforts with a traffic engineer and after multiple studies, our engineer was able to show the NYSDOT that our sign did not impede drivers’ vision, granting us the right to erect the monument sign. Without this, there would have been poor visibility and the client would have lost a key component to marketing/branding this location. This could have been a deal-breaker if we were unable to erect a monument sign on RT. 110.Unknown 4: Never Underestimate the Importance of Preplanning Meetings and Work Sessions with Governmental Approval GroupsWhen contemplating a site, our development team works with the local municipality, studies municipal rules and regulations, and plans what we will need to apply for in order to obtain our governmental approvals. Our team also conducts research on what has previously been approved in the municipality and leverages this information to help build a case around our pitch. Because no two retail development transactions are alike, we work closely with civil engineers and land use attorneys to fully comprehend each site and entitlements/approvals that run with it. We also coordinate regularly with the Planning Board, Zoning Board, and the Board of Architectural Review in various preplanning meetings, so that come time for our public hearing we know exactly what will need to be done to gain municipal approval and move forward with our development project.Unknown 5: Think about What is Generally Taken for Granted…Utilities Availability and CostWe heavily rely on civil engineers to assist us through the process of contemplating where we will gain our utility connects and where they will run through a site. The goal here is to keep the utility run as short and efficient as possible. In some cases, this means running it through another site before reaching its final destination. If this is the case, we will work closely with the landowner – either the state or a private landowner – to create an easement agreement allowing us to do so. Further, municipalities have enacted a gas moratorium to address the supply-demand imbalances. We need to fully contemplate what the forecast for a development site is and may need to look for alternatives for our clients. Striving for efficiency in running utilities will not only make our development plans easier but will also save on cost. "}
{"id": "doc178", "text": "What will be the state of physical retail in the 21st Century? That’s a question on the minds of everybody in retail, and an elite group of developers is endeavoring to answer it with bold new projects and spectacular renovations. The editorial board of Chain Store Age recognized these eight properties as the Breakout Retail Centers of 2020 in the magazine’s March-April edition."}
{"id": "doc179", "text": "Promenade @ Granite Run – Media, Pa."}
{"id": "doc180", "text": "BET Investments bought the old Granite Run Mall at auction in 2013 after former owners Simon and Macerich gave it back to their lenders. BET demolished the mall and put this 830.000 sq. ft. outdoor center including luxury apartments in its place. "}
{"id": "doc181", "text": "Some 768,000 people live within a 10-mile radius of Granite Run. That’s 170,000 more than the nearby King of Prussia Mall and 450,000 more than the neighboring Exton Square Mall. Forty-plus tenants flocked to Promenade, among them Kohls, Cinemark, Acme market, Modell’s, Petco, Miller Ale House, Edge Fitness, and Panera Bread."}
{"id": "doc182", "text": "“We observed that value retailers and entertainment options were in short supply in the area,” said Michael Markman, president of BET investments. “A lof of B and C malls are trying to reinvent themselves but, short of tearing the mall down and starting over, it’s tough to do.”"}
{"id": "doc183", "text": "RIO – Gaithersburg, Md."}
{"id": "doc184", "text": "“When we built this center, it was state of the art. Twenty years later, the world around us had changed,” said Paul Weinschenk, president of retail at Peterson Companies, which owns this lakefront property and runs it along with Circle Management."}
{"id": "doc185", "text": "So Peterson spent $30 million for a wholesale makeover of what was once known as The Washingtonian Center. It expanded its boardwalks, added a floating barge for hanging out or watching concerts, and added lakeside terraces to bars and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc186", "text": "The transformation also meant parting ways with tenants that had helped make a success of what once was known as The Washingtonian Center. “Macaroni Grill was sitting on the lake but not taking advantage of it,” Weinshenk said. "}
{"id": "doc187", "text": "Now Yard House, Silver Diner, and True Foods have opened at RIO with lake-view windows and seating. Other new or improved tenants at RIO include BlueMercury, White House | Black Market. Dave & Busters, It’Sugar, Muse Paintbar, and an AMC Dine-In 18."}
{"id": "doc188", "text": "Fashion District Philadelphia"}
{"id": "doc189", "text": "Joe Coradino’s grand vision to revitalize his hometown’s famed Market Street came to fruition last fall and did something that’s rarely accomplished in one fell swoop—instantly change the character and vibe of the heart of a great city. "}
{"id": "doc190", "text": "The 900,000-sq.-ft. enclosed mall that Coradino’s PREIT co-developed with Macerich on the former site of The Gallery Mall filled a long-vacant block with Center City’s first luxury Cinema, 100-plus new shops including Nike and H&M, experiential stops like Candytopia and Wonderspaces, and a bevy of new restaurants and bars."}
{"id": "doc191", "text": "Location, location, location couldn’t be better, better, better. Fashion District is connected to the Pennsylvania Convention Center, the SEPTA commuter rail station, and the Marriott Downtown Hotel. It sits at the epicenter of a metro comprised of nearly 6 million people that includes upscale suburbs north of the city and in nearby New Jersey."}
{"id": "doc192", "text": "“We’ve got 22 million commuters a year coming through here and they all have malls where they live. But they don’t have a mall like this one,” boasted Coradino."}
{"id": "doc193", "text": "Columbia Gorge Outlets – Troutdale, Ore."}
{"id": "doc194", "text": "When Time Equities Inc. bought this center from Simon five years ago, it set out to alter the typical traffic pattern of an outlet center by giving locals reasons to show up on a regular basis. New tenants and eateries were recruited, charging stations for electric vehicles were added, and weekly activities for were planned for kids and families.  "}
{"id": "doc195", "text": "“What we’ve done is taken a center that’s been a once-a-quarter visit and made it more of a neighborhood, or even community center by driving traffic with attractions and event,” said Ami Ziff, director of national retail at TEI."}
{"id": "doc196", "text": "With the help of The Woodmont Company, which took over management of the center in 2016, TEI added new facades, enhanced signage, and a re-focused of the marketing programs with social media. New tenants Pendleton Home, Bath and Body Works, and Columbia Sportswear joined the party."}
{"id": "doc197", "text": "“It was a job leasing all these new retailers, but you have to do what you need to do to reinvent your center today,” said Ziff, who added that Ziff says that average sales per square foot rose to $335 from $297 in 2019."}
{"id": "doc198", "text": "American Dream – East Rutherford, N.J."}
{"id": "doc199", "text": "After three owners and 15 years in the making, the project once known as Xanadu shed its multi-colored patchwork skin and opened in October as a pristine, white theme-park-cum-shopping-mall under the direction of the North American masters of that genre, the Ghermezian family and its Triple Five Group."}
{"id": "doc200", "text": "For now, just the Nickelodeon theme park, the skating rink, and the Big Snow indoor ski slope are open. Retailers start operations later this month, but early attendance numbers have Triple Five CEO Don Ghermezian (above) convinced that American Dream can thrive as a shopping destination in the shadow of New York City."}
{"id": "doc201", "text": "“If you want to go to Nickelodeon Universe, you have to park in our lots and walk past our substantial collection of retail and restaurants,” he said. “Part of the reason that our retail wing has been stalled is that, when retailers visited the property and took stock of the scale, they decided they needed bigger stores.”"}
{"id": "doc202", "text": "Uniqlo’s planned 10,000 sq. ft. turned into 20,000 and Primark decided to take up its footprint to 50,000 sq, ft. Ghermezian said."}
{"id": "doc203", "text": "Halcyon – Alpharetta, Ga."}
{"id": "doc204", "text": "Food and beverage rule at Halcyon. Thirteen options and four more to open soon include Butcher & Brew, CMX Cinebistro, CT Cantina Taqueria, Ocean & Acre, Kilwins, Sweet Tuna and Cattle Shed Wine Company. Shops like Apricot Lane, Lizard Thicket, Oar, and Society Boutique are upscale and quirky."}
{"id": "doc205", "text": "“The soft goods aren’t chains. They’re mostly independents or regional with franchisees in the store,” said Phil Mays, principal of Halcyon’s developer, RocaPoint Parnters. “It’s the same with most of the restaurants. I got great advice from a celebrity chef in Atlanta who told me, ‘Find local restaurateurs who are already successful and get them to open in your center.’”"}
{"id": "doc206", "text": "Mays and company focuses on Forsyth County, which is undergoing an upscale growth spurt. “Coming out of the recession, it was almost a decade-long situation in which not a lot of retail was built, so in real growth areas like Alpharetta — a super ZIP Code with high density and household income — the population was underserved.”  "}
{"id": "doc207", "text": "RocaPoint found a property that lined up next to the Big Creek Greenway, a popular 10- mile hiking trail, and got itself an unusual experiential feature: a trailhead. The developer worked with the county to extend the trailway by one mile, putting the new trailhead in Halcyon’s parking lot, where nature lovers now complete their hikes by shopping, eating, and drinking at Halcyon."}
{"id": "doc208", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair – San Jose, Ca."}
{"id": "doc209", "text": "The 21st Century version of Valley Fair opens this month with a 500,000-sq.-ft. expansion (for a total 2.2 million sq. ft.) anchored by a three-level, flagship Bloomingdales and housing the property’s “Luxury Collection” that includes Balenciaga, Bottega Veneta, Giorgio Armani, Louis Vuitton, Prada, and Saint Laurent. Also scheduled to open there is Eataly Silicon Valley, only the second location for the world-renowned food hall on the West Coast."}
{"id": "doc210", "text": "More restaurant openings will continue through the year in the new wing, with and its commodious public areas, plazas, and outdoor spaces will host events, live entertainment, multi-faceted social fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities."}
{"id": "doc211", "text": "“The $1.1 billion evolution of Valley Fair offers access to the world’s best and most relevant brands. It has a new and engaging atmosphere that reflects a sense of luxury and leisure familiar to the Silicon Valley customer,” said Colin Shaughnessy, director of U.S. leasing for Unibail Rodamco, Westfield."}
{"id": "doc212", "text": "District La Brea – Los Angeles"}
{"id": "doc213", "text": "So-called urban districts opening up at scads of new and renovated centers owe a lot to Madison Marquette and District La Brea. In 2008, just before the market crash, Madison Marquette bought 11 buildings that made up the Continental Printing plant on the better part of a city block on La Brea Avenue in the Fairfax neighborhood of L.A. New projects were on hold at that time, and this site lay fallow for a few years."}
{"id": "doc214", "text": "That stretch of La Brea was the launchpad for a bevy of youthful and influential brands like Stussy, Undefeated, and American Rag and when the economy perked up in 2011 Madison Marquette had a notion to remake the entire block into an urban-beat setting for breakout retail brands."}
{"id": "doc215", "text": "Each of the 11 buildings, which comprise 110,000 sq. ft. were cleaned out and stripped down. Architects exposed and accentuated urban-industrial hallmarks such as wood truss ceilings, exposed bricks, and steel beams. It was live-work-play Hollywood-style, with small offices taken by film industry creatives and retail space inhabited by new-ages specialty retail and dining options. "}
{"id": "doc216", "text": "Bonobos opened its first physical retail location at La Brea and founder Andy Dunn did the same with his Interior Define brand. Other tenants include Arc’terex, Stone Island, Reigning Champ, and Sycamore Kitchen, operated by renowned L.A. chefs Quinn and Karen Hatfield."}
{"id": "doc217", "text": "Bloomingdale’s has opened a location in the heart of Silicon Valley."}
{"id": "doc218", "text": "The three-level upscale department store is the centerpiece of the 500,000-sq.-ft. expansion of Westfield Valley Fair in San Jose, Calif. The spacious and stylish 150,000-sq.-ft. store is the retailer’s eleventh location in California and 35th full-line store nationwide. "}
{"id": "doc219", "text": "Shoppers can enter Bloomingdale’s through the mall’s newly expanded indoor galleries and outdoor plazas or parking deck. Inside, the store’s interior offers an inviting atmosphere that pairs the brand’s signature black-and-white checkerboard with decorative tiles. Shoppers can unwind and recharge in seating areas located across all three floors."}
{"id": "doc220", "text": "The first floor is home to designer accessories, fine jewelry and more. "}
{"id": "doc221", "text": "It also houses an extensive beauty area, complete with private spa rooms and makeup stations for complimentary makeovers, and a rotating pop-up shop, [email protected]’s, driven by “culturally relevant themes and curated by guest tastemakers.” The initial theme is “world bazaar” and features a globe-spanning selection of handcrafted pieces and unique international finds. "}
{"id": "doc222", "text": "The second floor features ready-to-wear, intimate apparel, young world (apparel, baby gifting, strollers, car seats and accessories) and a style studio with cross-brand stylists to help customers curate their wardrobe. The third floor is home to the men’s department and the home department, which has a demo area for food demonstrations. It also has a registry area with dedicated consultants. "}
{"id": "doc223", "text": "The second floor’s offerings include a style studio, home to cross-brand stylists a registry area with dedicated consultants on the third floor. "}
{"id": "doc224", "text": "Additional services include a home stylist, on-site alterations, a buy-online-pick-up-in- store station and more. Exclusive to the Valley Fair store is AnQi, a modern bistro and noodle bar restaurant concept. "}
{"id": "doc225", "text": "“We’re excited to expand the Bloomingdale’s brand in Northern California with the addition of a new full-line store in San Jose,” said Tony Spring, chairman and CEO of Bloomingdale’s. “This store embodies the brand’s most modern and creative thinking to date.”"}
{"id": "doc226", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc227", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc228", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc229", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc230", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc231", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc232", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc233", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc234", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc235", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc236", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc237", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc238", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc239", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc240", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc241", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc242", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc243", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc244", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc245", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc246", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc247", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc248", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc249", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc250", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc251", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc252", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc253", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc254", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc255", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc256", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc257", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc258", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc259", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc260", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc261", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc262", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets continues to expand its reach."}
{"id": "doc263", "text": "The family-owned grocer will enter it seventh state — North Carolina— on September 29, with the opening of a 104,000-sq.-ft. supermarket at the Midtown East Shopping Center in Raleigh. It will be Wegmans 100th store. (The company has plans for five additional stores in the Raleigh-Durham area.)"}
{"id": "doc264", "text": "On Oct. 27, Wegmans will open its first store in New York City, a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn. The site is the former home of the Brooklyn Navy Yard."}
{"id": "doc265", "text": "Currently, Wegmans operates 99 stores across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. "}
{"id": "doc266", "text": "A cult-fave, eco-friendly online sneaker brand is expanding offline."}
{"id": "doc267", "text": "Allbirds will open 20 stores next year, with many of them in the U.S., the company’s co-founder and co-CEO Tim Brown told CNBC.  Allbirds, which launched online in 2014, opened its first physical stores in 2018, in its San Francisco hometown and in downtown Manhattan. The company’s signature footwear is made from renewable Merino wool, which it says minimizes odor, regulates temperature, and wicks moisture."}
{"id": "doc268", "text": "Currently, Allbirds operates seven stores in the U.S., and six abroad, including three locations in China, according to its website. "}
{"id": "doc269", "text": "“We’re hugely excited about the channel,” Brown said in the CNBC report. “It’s a great opportunity for people to touch our product, to try our product.”"}
{"id": "doc270", "text": "To read the full story, click here."}
{"id": "doc271", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc272", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc273", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods raised its full-year profit outlook on the heels of a strong quarter with better-than-expected earnings and sales."}
{"id": "doc274", "text": "Net income for the quarter rose to $57.6 million, or 66 cents per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $37.8 million, or 39 cents a share, a year ago. Adjusted earnings were 52 cents, better than the 38 cents analysts were expecting."}
{"id": "doc275", "text": "Net sales increased 5.6% to $1.96 billion from $1.86 billion, topping the $1.91 billion that analysts had expected. Online sales grew 13%, accounting for approximately 13% of total net sales, compared to approximately 12% in the year-ago period."}
{"id": "doc276", "text": "Dick’s said it saw increases in both the average ticket and in transactions, along with growth across its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear."}
{"id": "doc277", "text": "“One of the beneficial steps Dick’s has taken over the past half year is to reallocate floor space away from underperforming categories to products that are more in demand,” commented Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. “This has been done on a local basis, which has meant that more Dick’s stores are now aligned with customer needs within the markets they serve.”"}
{"id": "doc278", "text": "Comparable sales (online and store) rose 6%, more than double expected growth of 2.9%. It was the chain’s strongest quarterly growth in six years."}
{"id": "doc279", "text": "As we head into the holiday season, we remain very enthusiastic about our business, and we are pleased to increase our full-year sales and earnings outlook for the third time this year,” said Edward W. Stack, chairman and CEO."}
{"id": "doc280", "text": "Dick’s said it now expects annual earnings of between $3.50 and $3.60 per share this year, on an adjusted basis, compared with its prior range of $3.30 to $3.45 a share. The chain expects overall annual same-store sales to increase 2.5% to 3% for the year, compared with a 3.1% drop in 2018."}
{"id": "doc281", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc282", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc283", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc284", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc285", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc286", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc287", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc288", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods’ decision to pull back on gun sales has turned into a boon for Sportsman’s Warehouse."}
{"id": "doc289", "text": "The Utah-based chain has agreed to buy eight of Dick’s outdoor-focused Field & Stream stores for $28 million, reported the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "}
{"id": "doc290", "text": "“Each of these stores operates in strong markets, with well-established customer bases,” said Sportsman CEO Jon Barker, whose 95-store chain has a robust gun, ammo, and firearm accessories business."}
{"id": "doc291", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores are located in Washington, Altoona, and Camp Hill, Pa.; Horseheads and Rochester, N.Y.; Greensboro and Asheville, N.C.; and Troy, Mich."}
{"id": "doc292", "text": "In 2018, following the Parkland High School shooting in Florida, Dick’s stopped selling sporting rifles at Field & Stream stores and later removed hunting merchandise from 125 Dick’s stores."}
{"id": "doc293", "text": "Nearly half of Sportsman’s Warehouse’s revenues derive from sales of firearms and hunting merchandise, industry analyst Camilla Yanushevsky told the Post-Gazette."}
{"id": "doc294", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods keeps expanding its footprint."}
{"id": "doc295", "text": "The sporting goods retailer is opening four stores in March. The openings include two namesake stores, at Hamilton Place Mall in Chattanooga, Tenn., and at Valley Mall in Hagerstown. Md."}
{"id": "doc296", "text": "In addition, the company is opening a Golf Galaxy store at Swedesford Plaza in Berwyn, Pa., and at Warwick Mall in Warwick, R.I."}
{"id": "doc297", "text": "Following the openings, Dick’s will have a total of 727 namesake stores and 96 Golf Galaxy locations in 47 states."}
{"id": "doc298", "text": "Walgreens is officially in flight with a pilot of on-demand drone deliveries in Virginia."}
{"id": "doc299", "text": "As of Oct. 18, 2019, the drugstore giant is live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. (Prescription deliveries are not available in the pilot.) The very first drone-based delivery from Walgreens went to local residents Michael and Kelly Collver, who received a cough and cold pack including Tylenol, Halls cough drops, tissues, Emergen-C and bottled water."}
{"id": "doc300", "text": "Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet. Launch of the pilot makes Walgreens the first retailer to offer on-demand drone delivery service in the U.S. The companies are running the test in conjunction with FedEx in Christiansburg, Va. "}
{"id": "doc301", "text": "Eligible FedEx Express customers who live within designated delivery zones in Christiansburg, and who opt in to the Wing delivery service, can receive select packages via delivery drone. The location has been selected as the test market because Wing has been working with Virginia Tech in nearby Blacksburg, Va. to test drone delivery as part of the U.S. Department of Transportation’s integration pilot program since 2016. "}
{"id": "doc302", "text": "Eligible customers in the Christiansburg area have access to more than 100 products and six pre-built “packs” of items via the Wing app. Customers can either choose the individual products they need or choose one of the pre-built packs in the following categories: allergy, baby, cough/cold, first aid, pain, and kids’ snacks"}
{"id": "doc303", "text": "Wing received certification as a small airline from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in April 2019, allowing the company to charge money to perform actual drone-based deliveries to consumers."}
{"id": "doc304", "text": "“Today is a great day for the future of consumer convenience.  We are excited to be the first U.S. retailer to provide on-demand drone delivery to customers in the Christiansburg community,” said Vish Sankaran, chief innovation officer, Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. “This industry-first drone delivery pilot with Wing expands our omnichannel offerings to provide customers the products they need wherever, whenever and however they may want them.”"}
{"id": "doc305", "text": "Walgreens customers in two New York City boroughs no longer have to leave home."}
{"id": "doc306", "text": "The drugstore retailer is partnering with on-demand delivery platform Postmates to deliver hundreds of its most popular items from 174 Walgreens and Duane Reade locations in Manhattan and Brooklyn. To order items from participating Walgreens stores, customers can visit Postmates.com or use the Postmates mobile app."}
{"id": "doc307", "text": "The partnership is launching as Postmates has found that its customers are seeking many products sold at Walgreens. According to Postmates, the top items New Yorkers order are Smart Water, Gatorade, San Pellegrino, Tylenol, and Pedialyte. In addition, during the 2018-2019 flu season, Postmates saw a 173% increase in orders for cough relief items, a 111% increase in sinus relief aids, and a 50% spike in soup orders."}
{"id": "doc308", "text": "We share Postmates commitment to providing customers with convenient, differentiated shopping experiences, and together we can help ensure our customers are getting what they need, when they need it, said Joe Hartsig, chief merchandising officer, Walgreens. Particularly as we head into the peak season for flu, being able to bring our customers convenience items as well as cough and cold relief directly to their home can take the stress out of being sick."}
{"id": "doc309", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc310", "text": "Banana Republic is teaming up with an on-demand delivery platform to make BOPIS even more convenient."}
{"id": "doc311", "text": "The specialty apparel retailer is partnering with Postmates to launch its first-ever on-demand delivery. The new service, available in the New York City and Southern California markets, enables customers to purchase items online and have them delivered to their home. "}
{"id": "doc312", "text": "Customers in eligible markets can select the buy online pick up in store (BOPIS) option and once they receive notification their items are available for pickup, choose to have a Postmates driver retrieve their goods and deliver them. Delivery will be free on these orders within the delivery radius.   “We are excited to introduce this partnership with Postmates as we continue to offer our customers convenient ways to shop,” says Mary Alderete, Banana Republic chief marketing officer. “Our customers are curious, connected and out in the world and we’re offering them a modern retail experience. Same-day delivery is a natural next step for us as we’re seeing continued success with our buy online pick up in-store program.” Banana Republic’s sister brand Old Navy, which shares Gap Inc. as a parent, began offering a similar program in partnership with Postmates in December 2019. Old Navy shoppers in select markets can also have a Postmates driver deliver their BOPIS purchases, at a cost of $8.99 per delivery."}
{"id": "doc313", "text": "Founded in San Francisco, Banana Republic is located in more than 650 company-operated and franchise retail locations worldwide."}
{"id": "doc314", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc315", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc316", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc317", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc318", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc319", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc320", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc321", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc322", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc323", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc324", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc325", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc326", "text": "The troubled Kate Spade brand is looking for a new chief executive to get the brand back on track.   "}
{"id": "doc327", "text": "Tapestry, whose brands include Kate Spade, Coach and Staurt Weitzman, said that  Anna Bakst, CEO and brand president of Kate Spade, will depart the company at the end of the calendar year. Tapestry CFO Joanne Crevoiserat  will lead Kate Spade while the company searches for a new chief executive. "}
{"id": "doc328", "text": "Bakst has been at the helm of Kate Spade since March 2018. She was brought in to turnaround the ailing brand, which has strugged to resonate with consumers  since it was acquired by Tapestry in 2017. But her efforts did not bear much fruit and Kate Spade’s sales have continued to slip.  In Tapestry’s most recent quarter, ended Sept. 28,  the brand’s global same-store sales were down 16%.  Sales fell 6% to $306 million compared to $325 million in the year-ago period. "}
{"id": "doc329", "text": "Prior to joining Kate Spade, Bakst was group president of accessories and footwear at Michael Kors. She also spent 12 years at Donna Karan International. "}
{"id": "doc330", "text": "“We thank Anna for the passion and commitment she has brought to her work at Kate Spade,” stated Jide Zeitlin, chairman and CEO of Tapestry.  “We are moving ahead quickly with a search process. Our strong Kate Spade leadership team, working with Joanne, will take the business forward aligned with Nicola Glass’s [Kate Spade creative director] creative vision. Quarter-to-date, Kate Spade’s performance is on track and we are confident in our ability to meet our holiday season goals.”"}
{"id": "doc331", "text": "Zeitlin took the CEO reins at Tapestry in September following the departure of Victor Luis. "}
{"id": "doc332", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc333", "text": "The parent company of Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman reported first-quarter earnings that beat analyst estimates even as sales disappointed due to ongoing weakness at Kate Spade."}
{"id": "doc334", "text": "Tapestry Inc.’s net income fell to $20 million, or 7 cents per share, during the period ended Sept. 28, from $122.3 million, or 42 cents per share, a year ago. Adjusted earnings came to 40 cents per share, which was 3 cents ahead of analysts’ forecasts."}
{"id": "doc335", "text": "Net sales fell 2% to $1.36 billion, missing expectations for $1.37 billion. "}
{"id": "doc336", "text": "Sales at Kate Spade fell 6% to $306 million. The brand’s global same-store sales plunged 16%, reflecting the product and merchandising challenges Tapestry said it had previously identified. "}
{"id": "doc337", "text": "Same-store sales edged up 1% at Coach, whose revenue rose 1.0% to $966 million. "}
{"id": "doc338", "text": "It was the brand’s eighth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth, led by digital and international channels."}
{"id": "doc339", "text": "Total revenues at luxury brand Stuart Weitzman fell 9% to $87 million. "}
{"id": "doc340", "text": "Tapestry CEO and chairman Jide Zeitlin said the results were in line with expectations and that business internationally was stronger than in North America where it dealt with “continued industry headwinds.” Zeitlin became CEO in September, after spending 13 years as a board member and five as chairman, on the heels of disappointing fourth-quarter earnings. "}
{"id": "doc341", "text": "Zeitlin said the company has initiated an in-depth review of its business to address both near-term and long-term opportunities to drive organic growth and profitability across the portfolio."}
{"id": "doc342", "text": "“Our imperative is to fuel desire for our brands and make investment decisions through a consumer-centric lens,” he said. “We are focused on becoming more agile, continuously leveraging data and technology, to increase our productivity and speed to market. These improvements will enable us to fund additional brand-building initiatives and to return capital to shareholders.”"}
{"id": "doc343", "text": "Amazon and Walmart are both reportedly considering a purchase of on-demand grocery delivery platform FreshDirect."}
{"id": "doc344", "text": "According to the New York Post, the two retail titans have been examining the financial and performance data of FreshDirect. The delivery service’s largest investor, J.P. Morgan, is reportedly seeking potential buyers following its move to a new distribution facility in The Bronx in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc345", "text": "Since that time, the Post reports FreshDirect has been losing customers due to late and incomplete deliveries caused by difficulties integrating the technology at the distribution center with its front-end e-commerce software. Both Amazon and Walmart are said to have considered purchasing FreshDirect at least two previous times."}
{"id": "doc346", "text": "New York-based FreshDirect, which specializes in delivery of fresh food and groceries in the Northeast, launched a same-day delivery service in March 2019. At the time, the company said it was planning geographic expansion for late 2019 and early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc347", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc348", "text": "Retailers are seeing growing returns from recurring revenue programs such as subscription services, memberships, reordering and boxes. "}
{"id": "doc349", "text": "According to “Retail 2020: Recurring Revenue Programs Deliver Results,” a new survey of retail executives from relationship commerce platform provider Ordergroove and Napco Research, 77% of respondents currently offering or considering offering recurring revenue programs report that a recurring revenue program is a “prerequisite for doing business.” The other 23% consider recurring revenue as “nice to have, but not essential.” No respondents said it has no importance."}
{"id": "doc350", "text": "A majority of respondents reported benefits from their recurring revenue programs including “greater profitability” (65%), “greater revenue” (59%) and “increased customer retention” (49%). No respondents reported not seeing any benefits from recurring customers."}
{"id": "doc351", "text": "Eighty-seven percent of respondents are seeing the revenue contribution from their recurring revenue programs grow substantially year-over-year, with 93% of them expecting that this trend will continue in 2020. "}
{"id": "doc352", "text": "The most common metrics respondents are using to measure program impact include “purchase frequency” (69%), “repeat purchase rate” (66%), “total customer spend” (62%) and “average order value” (56%). On average, companies that offer recurring revenue programs report that 41% of their revenue can be attributed to them."}
{"id": "doc353", "text": "Napco surveyed executives at director level or above at retailers from $5 million to over $1 billion in annual revenue during Q4 2018."}
{"id": "doc354", "text": "The 2019 holiday season may prove to be a watershed event for mobile commerce."}
{"id": "doc355", "text": "According to a new study from mobile commerce optimization platform Button, there was a 68% increase in overall mobile spend per shopper during the 2019 holiday season compared to the same period in 2018. Year-over-year, Button also recorded a 38% increase in total number of orders per shopper, a 106% increase in total number of app installs, and a 12% increase in overall conversion rate. "}
{"id": "doc356", "text": "Button data also suggests mobile shoppers are getting more comfortable using apps to make their holiday transactions. During Cyber Week 2019, apps outpaced mobile Web when it came to conversions (86% year-over-year increase) and orders per customer (27% year-over-year increase). The entire holiday season also offered a lift on installs: app installs were 46% higher over the holidays compared to the rest of 2019. "}
{"id": "doc357", "text": "Looking at consumer spending during the 2019 holiday season, shoppers spent an average of $197, a 17% increase from 2018, and their average order value was $59, a 23% increase from 2018. "}
{"id": "doc358", "text": "“The official start of the commerce era is here. For companies today, the new frontier isnt a battle for browsing or search—its a battle to be the starting point for commerce,” said Michael Jaconi, co-Founder and CEO of Button. “Companies that control the start of the buyer journey can influence what people buy, where they buy from, and how they pay. Heading into 2020, the companies that lean in on mobiles increasing status as a lean-in, action-oriented platform will emerge at the top.” "}
{"id": "doc359", "text": "Recent studies from sources including Adobe and Salesforce also reveal strong year-over-year increases in mobile commerce during the 2019 holiday season."}
{"id": "doc360", "text": "All aggregated, anonymized data is pulled from transactions that took place across Button’s platform from Nov. 24, 2019 – Jan. 3, 2020."}
{"id": "doc361", "text": "While coronavirus-related declines in consumer traffic will impact retailers’ IT spending, IHL Group also sees some positive trends."}
{"id": "doc362", "text": "The industry analysis/consulting firm now forecasts 2020 worldwide IT spend by the retail and hospitality industry will total $270 billion. This is up 5.6% from 2019, but adjusted downward for the expected impact of the coronavirus 9COVID-19) on the global economy."}
{"id": "doc363", "text": "IHL predicts that consumer traffic will be down for a period, but there will also be developments that will help to buffer the negative downside in retail IT spend. These include less travel, more focus on specific projects and opportunities to replace equipment with less impact on operations. "}
{"id": "doc364", "text": "In addition, IHL says the most significant retail investments in IT are in moving solutions to the cloud, particularly those that optimize the relationship for digital orders with store fulfillment. The firm predicts that the trends to optimize click-and-collect and delivery will double their previous investment as a result of consumers seeking to avoid crowds into June 2020. "}
{"id": "doc365", "text": "Other technologies IHL expects retailers to significantly increase their investments in include remote tools, solutions that decentralize the supply chain, artificial intelligence/machine learning, forecasting solutions, and analytics. Retailers have also already made decisions about investing in POS technology based on the expiration of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standard 2.0. "}
{"id": "doc366", "text": "“Overall, we view COVID – 19 as a 1 fiscal quarter significant blip on retail consumer spending, with less impact rolling through on 2020 IT spend,” Greg Buzek, founder and president of IHL Group, said in a corporate blog post. “If there is to be a significant drop in retail spend as a result of COVID-19 and resulting economic impact beyond 1 fiscal quarter, the IT impacts will be more significant in 2021 spend than for 2020. Of course, should the virus impact grow longer than one quarter worldwide, all growth will be reduced further.”"}
{"id": "doc367", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc368", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc369", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc370", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc371", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc372", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc373", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc374", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc375", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc376", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc377", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc378", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc379", "text": "This year’s shortened holiday shopping season is causing shifts in spending behavior."}
{"id": "doc380", "text": "According to predictions from online discount platform RetailMeNot, shoppers plan to spend $738 during Black Friday/Cyber Monday weekend this year, compared to $803 in 2018. Generationally, GenX consumers will spend the most ($849), followed by baby boomers ($701), millennials ($696), and GenZ ($537). Defying stereotypes, men ($818) will spend a good deal more on average than women ($665). Less surprisingly, parents ($809) will shell out more than consumers with no kids ($631)."}
{"id": "doc381", "text": "However, the holiday season is almost a full week shorter this year, with only 26 days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, compared to 32 days in 2018. According to another recent survey by RetailMeNot, the shortened time frame has led 14% to be stressed about completing shopping on time, 28% to make their first holiday purchase sooner, and 34% to start deal-seeking earlier in the season, meaning consumers may be making more purchases before Black Friday/Cyber Monday weekend than they did in 2018."}
{"id": "doc382", "text": "Like 2018, nearly four in five Americans plan on taking advantage of the sales between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday. About 45% of Black Friday shoppers will complete the majority of their shopping online this year, which is up almost 50% from the 31% who planned the same in 2018."}
{"id": "doc383", "text": "RetailMeNot also uncovered some other data regarding how and where consumers will spend during Black Friday/Cyber Monday weekend:"}
{"id": "doc384", "text": "•    71% of shoppers are heading to big-box stores, like Target and Walmart.•    54% are shopping on E-commerce-focused retailers, like Amazon.•    50% are going to be shopping in department stores, like Macys and Kohls.•    35% plan to shop at online-only retailers, like eBay.•    27% are heading to clothing-only retailers, like Gap and Loft. •    75% are looking for clothing & accessories.•    69% are looking for electronics.•    83% will be purchasing gifts for their children, spending an average of $44.•    80% will be purchasing gifts for their significant others, spending an average of $196.•    49% will buy gifts for their parents, spending an average of $106."}
{"id": "doc385", "text": "Despite the chance to significantly boost margins, fewer than one in three retailers have optimized seamless processes such as BOPIS."}
{"id": "doc386", "text": "According to a recent survey of over 300 North American retailers from Manhattan Associates and IHL, retailers that optimize omnichannel fulfillment offerings see substantial improvements in their margins. This includes an average 7.5 margin point improvement in buy-online-return-in-store (BORIS), 7.2 margin point improvement in buy-online-pickup in-store (BOPIS), and 6.3 margin point improvement in buy-in-store-ship-from-another-store."}
{"id": "doc387", "text": "However, despite these results, 30% or less of the retailers surveyed have optimized these processes. Specifically, optimization results include:"}
{"id": "doc388", "text": "•    BORIS – 30%•    Ship from store to consumer – 28%•    BOPIS  -27%•    Buy online local delivery from store – 24%•    Same-day click & collect – 22%•    Buy in-store ship from another store – 16%"}
{"id": "doc389", "text": "“With expanding fulfillment options and rising customer expectations, the retail market is rapidly growing in complexity,” said Greg Buzek, president of IHL. “Retailers need to quickly pivot to solutions designed and engineered for the way consumers shop today and into the future. Those who have optimized these customer journeys are racing ahead in profitability.  Those who have not are losing many points of margin on every sale.”"}
{"id": "doc390", "text": "Almost half of consumers have used voice search to search for products in the past month."}
{"id": "doc391", "text": "According to consumer survey data exclusively provided to Chain Store Age by The Manifest, 48% of respondents have searched for products with a voice-enabled device such as their phone or a smart speaker in the previous 30 days. The most popular product categories for voice search are:"}
{"id": "doc392", "text": "•    Electronics (22%)•    Clothing (19%)•    Accessories (e.g., shoes, bags, jewelry, belts) (16%)•    Business services (16%)•    Health & beauty products (15%)•    Books (11%)"}
{"id": "doc393", "text": "In additional published findings, the survey found more than half of voice search users (53%) use it at least once a week. People are more likely to use voice search to search for products, services, and information (60%) than to communicate with other people (20%) or issue commands (20%). "}
{"id": "doc394", "text": "The top three types of information people use voice search to find out include facts such as trivia and term definitions (62%), the weather (46%), and the news (32%). "}
{"id": "doc395", "text": "The survey also found that different age groups use voice search differently: Interestingly, voice search users ages 35 and older (64%) are more likely to use voice search to search for products/services than younger users ages 18-34 (47%). Meanwhile, younger voice search users ages 18-34 are the most likely to use voice search to issue commands (30%), compared to users ages 35 and older (17%). "}
{"id": "doc396", "text": "The Manifest surveyed 501 U.S. residents who use voice search with a voice-enabled device. "}
{"id": "doc397", "text": "Smokers will soon need to find an alternative to their local Schnucks store."}
{"id": "doc398", "text": "Beginning Jan. 1, 2020, Schnuck Markets Inc. will end the sale of all tobacco products, including cigarettes, cigars, cigarillos, chewing tobacco and snuff. The company will sell through its existing inventory through the end of the year, and also continue its practice of not selling e-cigarettes or vaping products. "}
{"id": "doc399", "text": "In addition, starting on Oct. 15 and continuing indefinitely, Schnucks will offer double Schnucks Rewards loyalty points on all over-the counter smoking cessation products. The retailer’s announcement comes as the company is increasing its focus on wellness. "}
{"id": "doc400", "text": "Health-and-wellness initiatives it has launched in the past year include a partnership with gyms, a wellness guide within the Schnucks Rewards app that enables customers to view nutritional information and labels, and health programs for women and children. In addition to these initiatives and the commitment to no longer sell tobacco products, Schnucks will be announcing additional health-and-wellness initiatives in the coming months and throughout 2020."}
{"id": "doc401", "text": "“Tobacco products are certainly a profitable part of our business, but our company’s mission is to nourish people’s lives,” said Schnucks chairman & CEO Todd Schnuck. “Tobacco products directly contradict our core mission and that means that they simply don’t belong in our stores. We respect people’s right to make decisions that are best for them, and while we know this may not sit well with everyone, we believe it’s the right thing to do for the health of our communities and our customers, and that makes it the right decision for our company.”"}
{"id": "doc402", "text": "CVS stopped selling tobacco products in October 2016. More recently, retailers including Walmart, Walgreens and Rite Aid have limited the sale of tobacco products by raising the minimum purchase age from 18 to 21."}
{"id": "doc403", "text": "Schnucks operates 115 stores, serving customers in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa."}
{"id": "doc404", "text": "CVS Pharmacy has launched a limited-time offering to promote its prescription delivery program. "}
{"id": "doc405", "text": "The retailer announced it is offering all eligible patients free one-to-two day prescription delivery nationwide for a limited time. The special promotion, available from January 1 to Jan. 31, enables customers to try out the company’s prescription delivery service at no additional cost after ordering prescriptions through the CVS Pharmacy app, online or by calling their neighborhood location. The CVS Pharmacy Rx delivery service, which normally costs $4.99, rolled out nationally in 2017. It is now available at nearly all 10,000 locations across the country. With the purchase of eligible medications, select nonprescription items are also available for delivery at participating locations (except from CVS Pharmacy locations inside Target). Popular health and household items carried by CVS Pharmacy, including cold and flu remedies, allergy medications, pain relief, first aid, digestive health, vitamins, baby, personal and feminine care products, can be added to most delivery orders."}
{"id": "doc406", "text": "To take advantage of free delivery in January, customers can place orders of eligible prescriptions and other essentials for one-to-two day delivery via CVS.com, the CVS Pharmacy app or by calling their local CVS Pharmacy. Once the order is placed, shoppers can prepay for their order and delivery fees are waived with no extra steps needed. CVS Pharmacy will then text customers to alert them when their order is shipped."}
{"id": "doc407", "text": "CVS Health continues the expansion of its HealthHub concept as part of its strategy to roll out the program nationally. "}
{"id": "doc408", "text": "The company unveiled HealthHubs in nine CVS Pharmacy locations in Greater Tampa. Currently, CVS has 53 HealthHub locations in five states, including Florida, Georgia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Texas. It plans to expand the format to a total of 17 states in the first part of 2020 as part of its national expansion, with up to 1,500 locations operating nationwide by the end of 2021."}
{"id": "doc409", "text": "We are delivering real change to the health care system, said Alan Lotvin, M.D., chief transformation officer for CVS Health. The HealthHub products and services are designed specifically with the consumers health needs, challenges, and goals in mind, so that they can easily receive coordinated, personalized care in a familiar, neighborhood location."}
{"id": "doc410", "text": "The HealthHub store format, which CVS introduced at the end of 2018, was developed to help people manage chronic conditions more conveniently and affordably by improving the overall patient experience and featuring a wide array of health and wellness products, clinical services and expertise, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc411", "text": "The key features in a HealthHub include:•    Greater selection of health-and-wellness products, including aromatherapy, fitness essentials, durable medical equipment, sleep apnea products and more;"}
{"id": "doc412", "text": "•    In-store education and counseling for patients with chronic conditions, helping to identify their next best action that enables better health outcomes and reduces medical costs.  Pharmacist-led diabetes education counseling and smart device coaching for select blood glucose monitors. Smoking cessation plans for patients and caregivers to help patients quit smoking; and"}
{"id": "doc413", "text": "•    In-site “care concierge” team responsible for customer engagement, including educating customers about new service offerings, helping them navigate in-store services and events; and wellness rooms for group events such as health screenings, nutritional and lifestyle coaching, and benefits education. "}
{"id": "doc414", "text": "In addition, HealthHubs feature expanded services at MinuteClinic, including: services for minor illnesses and injuries; immunizations, wellness and health checks; screening, treatment and monitoring for chronic conditions such as high blood pressure and high cholesterol; annual diabetic exam and more."}
{"id": "doc415", "text": "A drugstore giant is rolling out self-service medication disposal kiosks in Massachusetts and beyond."}
{"id": "doc416", "text": "CVS has completed installation of safe medication disposal kiosks at every store in Massachusetts. This includes kiosks the retailer recently implemented at 56 stores, as well as 43 in-store units previously installed and 43 units donated to local law enforcement. The retailer has also committed to install an additional 1,000 drug disposal kiosks in select CVS locations across the country and donate up to 400 units to law enforcement in 2020."}
{"id": "doc417", "text": "To date, 1,700 CVS store locations nationwide have installed safe medication disposal kiosks, and the company has donated more than 990 kiosks to law enforcement. These kiosks have collected more than 1.1 million pounds of unwanted or expired medications, including 57,000 pounds in Massachusetts alone."}
{"id": "doc418", "text": "In addition, beginning in 2020, all CVS locations that dont currently offer a safe medication disposal kiosk will now offer DisposeRx, a solution that enables customers to safely discard their unwanted or expired medications at home. New and existing patients filling prescriptions can request a free DisposeRx packet and opioid safety information brochure when picking up their prescription at any time."}
{"id": "doc419", "text": "DisposeRx packets, according to the manufacturer, contain proprietary solidifying materials that enable safe at-home disposal of unused medication. When water and the DisposeRx powder are added to unwanted medications in the prescription vial and shaken, the drugs are rendered unusable, allowing for safe disposal at home."}
{"id": "doc420", "text": "When patients leave unused medications – especially opioids – in a medicine cabinet, there is a risk that those medications might be misused or diverted, which is why we have worked to help increase access to and awareness of safe medication disposal options in the communities we serve, said Tom Davis, VP of pharmacy professional services, CVS Health. Providing more options for the proper disposal of unused medications in our stores and in the home is just one of the ways were working to help combat opioid misuse across the country."}
{"id": "doc421", "text": "On Saturday, Oct. 26, nearly 100 CVS stores across the country will participate in National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day on Saturday, October 26, a biannual event hosted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). Stores will host drug take-back events and offer information on the safe disposal of unwanted medication. "}
{"id": "doc422", "text": "CVS operates more than 9,800 retail locations and more than 1,100 walk-in medical clinics across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc423", "text": "The new CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond is cleaning house just six weeks into the job — and in the middle of the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc424", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced the departure of six senior members, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. Also leaving are the chain’s chief legal officer & general counsel, and chief administrative officer."}
{"id": "doc425", "text": "The sixth member, the chief brand officer, resigned last week. Bed Bath & Beyond said it has begun a search to fill the positions of chief merchandising officer, chief digital officer, general counsel and a newly combined chief marketing and brand officer position."}
{"id": "doc426", "text": "The leadership shake-up is the first major move by Mark Tritton, the former chief merchandising officer of Target who took the reins at Bed Bath & Beyond in November. In a statement, the company described the move as a “ bold pivot” that reflects the priorities of Tritton, who will launch his new vision for the company in early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc427", "text": "“This is the first in a number of important steps were taking,” Tritton stated. “Balancing our existing expertise with fresh perspectives from new, innovative leaders of change, will help us to better anticipate and support our customers in their life journeys and shopping needs."}
{"id": "doc428", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has struggled to compete in the disrupted retail marketplace, challenged by traditional retailers such as Target and Walmart and online players such as Amazon. Same-store sales have been declining for three years and  its sales growth has fallen for three consecutive quarters. Net income has dropped for 10 straight quarters."}
{"id": "doc429", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that its new leadership team will be charged with “streamlining decision-making, accelerating the pace of transformation, and re-establishing Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space through a more customer-focused, omnichannel retail operation, a redefined product assortment, and a more convenient and inspirational shopping experience.”  "}
{"id": "doc430", "text": "Industry analysts have predicted that Tritton will likely focus on expanding Bed Bath & Beyond’s fledgling private labels and exclusive lines and upgrading its online and in-store experience.  "}
{"id": "doc431", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. has entered into an agreement to sell approximately half its real estate as it looks to generate capital. "}
{"id": "doc432", "text": "The struggling home furnishings retailer has completed a sale-leaseback transaction with an affiliate of Oak Street Real Estate Capital, generating more than $250 million in net proceeds. The properties sold represent approximately 2.1 million sq. ft. of commercial space, including retail stores, a distribution facility and the company’s headquarters space in Union, N.J. Bed Bath & Beyond will continue to occupy the properties through long-term leases."}
{"id": "doc433", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it plans to use the proceeds from the transaction to reinvest in its core business and transformation efforts, to fund share repurchases, and to reduce outstanding debt, or a combination of these tactics."}
{"id": "doc434", "text": "We are pleased to complete this sale-leaseback transaction, said Mark Tritton, who took the reins as president and CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond in November. This marks the first step toward unlocking valuable capital in our business that can be put to work to amplify our plans to build a stronger, more efficient foundation to support revenue growth, financial stability and enhance shareholder value."}
{"id": "doc435", "text": "As previously announced, Bed Bath & Beyond, together with outside financial advisors, is reviewing its portfolio of retail concepts which, in addition to its namesake division, include Christmas Tree Shops, buybuy Baby, Harmon Face Values, Cost Plus and Cost Plus World Market,  and owned real estate to optimize its asset base and enhance shareholder value. In connection with the review, the retailer said it will continue to evaluate certain remaining owned real estate."}
{"id": "doc436", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc437", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc438", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc439", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc440", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc441", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc442", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has ended its search for a new chief executive officer, appointing a 30-year, well-respected retail veteran to the position."}
{"id": "doc443", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer named Mark J. Tritton as president and CEO and as a member of its board, effective November 4, 2019. He succeeds interim CEO Mary A. Winston."}
{"id": "doc444", "text": "Tritton joins Bed Bath & Beyond from Target Corp., where he served as executive VP and chief merchandising officer. Tritton was instrumental in building Target’s private-label strategy, reviving the company’s existing brands and launching more than 30 new brands in two and a half years. The discounter achieved eight consecutive quarters of same-store sales grown during his tenure, Bed Bath & Beyond noted. "}
{"id": "doc445", "text": "“Mark’s ability to re-define the retail experience and drive growth at some of the world’s most successful retailers and brands makes him uniquely equipped to lead Bed Bath & Beyond during this critical time in our evolution,” said Patrick R. Gaston, chairman, Bed Bath & Beyond. “As an integral contributor to Target’s impressive transformation, we will benefit from his vision, leadership, and creativity to successfully transform our business.” "}
{"id": "doc446", "text": "Before joining Target in 2016, Tritton was executive VP and president of Nordstrom Product Group, where he oversaw the merchandising, design, manufacturing, marketing and the omnichannel distribution of more than 50 private-label brands across Nordstrom’s full-price and off-price retail portfolio. "}
{"id": "doc447", "text": "Prior to Nordstrom, Tritton was VP of global casual gear footwear and apparel at Timberland and has held several leadership positions at Nike Corporation, where he helped build both brands and expand them across global regions and channels in product and retail functions."}
{"id": "doc448", "text": "Tritton joins Bed Bath & Beyond about a week after the retailer reported that it plans to close 60 stores by the end of this year, more than the 40 locations it had previously announced. The chain also reported mixed second-quarter results, including its 10th consecutive quarter of same-store sales declines."}
{"id": "doc449", "text": "In recent months, the retailer has rolled out a number of initiatives to turn around and transform its ailing business, including a program to refresh 160 Bed Bath & Beyond stores and remove excess aged inventory from its stores in advance of the holiday season. The inventory reduction is part of an aggressive reduction of up to $1 billion in inventory during the next 18 months."}
{"id": "doc450", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that Tritton’s immediate focus will be on accelerating the company’s ongoing business transformation, which includes “improving the omnichannel experience for consumers, enhancing the merchandise assortment and reviewing the company’s cost structure and asset base.”"}
{"id": "doc451", "text": "“There is immense opportunity ahead for Bed Bath & Beyond, which remains one of the most recognizable and best loved retailers in the country today,” said Tritton. “The foundation of the company’s transformation has been set and I’m excited at the chance to apply my industry experience and expertise to build an even better business for customers, associates, and shareholders.”"}
{"id": "doc452", "text": "Earlier this year, a group activist investors published a 168-slide presentation calling for big changes at the chain, including a leadership overhaul that called for replacing longtime CEO Steven Temares and the board of directors. Five directors stepped down in April. In May, Temares stepped down, replaced on an interim basis by Winston. She will continue to serve on the board."}
{"id": "doc453", "text": "Burlington Stores Inc. has tapped an insider as its finance head."}
{"id": "doc454", "text": "The off-price retailer has appointed John Crimmins as CFO. Crimmins has served as interim CFO since September 16, 2019, in addition to his role as executive VP, finance and chief accounting officer. (Marc Katz had been CFO until early September when he stepped down.)"}
{"id": "doc455", "text": "Prior to joining Burlington Stores in 2011, Crimmins held various roles at The Timberland Company including CFO, and corporate controller and chief accounting officer from 2002 to 2009."}
{"id": "doc456", "text": "“Given John’s financial acumen, expertise, and tenure with Burlington Stores, he is the natural choice to serve as CFO,” said Michael O’Sullivan, CEO. “John is an exceptionally talented and well-respected leader and we are confident he will continue to play a key role as we drive growth and profitability at Burlington Stores.” "}
{"id": "doc457", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. beat the Street for the fourth quarter as it closed the book on a disappointing year that did not meet its expectations. "}
{"id": "doc458", "text": "Kohl’s net income totaled $265 million, or $1.72 per share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, down from $272 million, or $1.67 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted EPS was $1.99 per share, topping analysts’ estimates for $1.88. "}
{"id": "doc459", "text": "Total revenue inched up to $6.83 billion from $6.82 billion. Analysts had expected $6.52 billion. Same-store sales were flat. "}
{"id": "doc460", "text": "On an earnings conference call with analysts, CEO Michelle Gass said that Kohls  womens apparel was challenged throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc461", "text": "We recognize that we need a much more significant reinvention in women to improve the trajectory moving forward, she told analysts."}
{"id": "doc462", "text": "Gass said that Kohls is making bold moves to improve the business, including a decision to exit eight of its womens brands during the coming year.  She did not name the brands, but said the company will provide more details at its upcoming meeting with investors."}
{"id": "doc463", "text": "For the full year, Kohl’s reported sales of $19.9 billion, down from $20.2 billion in the previous year. Same-store sales fell 1.3%. Income totaled $769 million, down from $927 million a year earlier. "}
{"id": "doc464", "text": "Kohls raised its dividend 5% to $0.704 per share payable April 1, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc465", "text": "While 2019 was a year in which our financial results did not meet our expectations, it was also a year of innovation and investment that further strengthened Kohl’s differentiation in the market,” said Michelle Gass, CEO, Kohl’s. “We are encouraged by the acceleration of traffic and new customer acquisition in our stores and online driven by the unprecedented level of new brands and partnerships we launched during the year. I am confident that we will build on our strengths in 2020 to stabilize and position the business for future growth.”"}
{"id": "doc466", "text": "In February, Kohl’s announced a corporate restructuring that included the elimination of some 250 positions. "}
{"id": "doc467", "text": "For 2020, the retailer expects earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.60, and same-store sales from down 1% to up 1%. The Street forecast earnings per share of $4.58 and a comparable sales decline of 1.3%."}
{"id": "doc468", "text": "Target Corp. is extending its presence in the Big Apple."}
{"id": "doc469", "text": "The discount giant plans to open a small-format, 33,000-sq.-ft. store at Tishmans E Walk retail complex on 42nd Street, between 7th and 8th Avenues, in 2022. Target is a central component of the $60 million renovation underway at Tishmans four-story retail center, reported Crain’s New York. The effort includes a new flagship Regal theater. "}
{"id": "doc470", "text": "Target has been steadily expanding its small-format store portfolio. In August, Target cut the ribbon on its 100th small-format store, with plans to open nearly 30 more each year for the foreseeable future."}
{"id": "doc471", "text": "The Times Square outpost will be Target’s 10th small-format store in the Manhattan, joining locations in Tribeca, the East Village, Herald Square, the Lower East Side, Kips Bay and the Upper East Side. Additional stores are scheduled for Columbus Circle, Washington Heights and Hell’s Kitchen."}
{"id": "doc472", "text": "A longtime Target exec is retiring."}
{"id": "doc473", "text": "Target announced the retirement of executive VP and chief stores officer Janna Potts, who has been with the retailer for 30 years, serving in a variety of leadership roles. Potts, who will remain with the company in an advisory role until May 1, is succeeded by Mark Schindele, whose appointment is effective immediately. "}
{"id": "doc474", "text": "Schindele, who also will join Target’s leadership team, has been with the retailer for nearly 20 years. Most recently, he served as senior VP of properties, where he was responsible for leading Target’s ambitious remodel and small-format strategies. Prior to that, Schindele held leadership positions in merchandising, sourcing and operations. "}
{"id": "doc475", "text": "“Over the course of her 30 years with the company, Janna [Potts] has made many significant contributions, including transforming the role our stores play in delivering for our guests in this new era of retail,” said Target chairman and CEO Brian Cornell. “As we look ahead, I’m confident Mark brings the right set of diverse experiences to realize even more potential for Target. His passion for retail, Target and our team, coupled with his understanding of our end-to-end business, make him well-positioned to lead our stores organization into 2020 and beyond.”"}
{"id": "doc476", "text": "Additionally, Target announced that it is formalizing the interim structure it announced for its merchandising organization in October with the appointment of Christina Hennington to executive VP and chief merchandising officer, hardlines, essentials and capabilities,"}
{"id": "doc477", "text": "and Jill Sando to executive VP and chief merchandising officer, style and owned brands, effective immediately. Both Hennington and Sando will join Target’s leadership team. "}
{"id": "doc478", "text": "The company said the new structure reflects the “size, scale and complexity of Target’s multi-category commercial businesses and operations.” In their roles, Hennington and Sando will collaborate closely with Stephanie Lundquist, Target’s executive VP and president of food & beverage, on the development and execution of a unified merchandising strategy for the retailer."}
{"id": "doc479", "text": "Amazon is designing its upcoming fleet of electric vehicles to streamline delivery while eliminating emissions."}
{"id": "doc480", "text": "In September 2019, Amazon initially announced that as part of its commitment to reducing carbon, it would order 100,000 electric delivery vehicles from sustainable vehicle manufacturer Rivian. This $440 million investment represents what Amazon says is the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles, with vans starting to deliver packages to customers in 2021."}
{"id": "doc481", "text": "In a new corporate blog post, Amazon is unveiling design details of the electric vans it says will enhance the safety and comfort of drivers while making deliveries more efficient and eliminating 4 million metric tons of carbon per year by 2030. Amazons transportation team spent 18 months evaluating a variety of electric vehicle options to reduce its carbon footprint, and drivers who currently deliver Amazon packages had input into the vehicles design and functionality."}
{"id": "doc482", "text": "Manufactured at Rivians plant in Normal, Ill., the vans will come in three size variants and support multiple battery sizes so they can be optimized for specific delivery routes. Each vehicle is designed to include a suite of advanced safety technology including automated emergency braking, front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive options, lane keep assist, a pedestrian warning system, traffic design recognition, and an automatic warning system that detects and alerts distracted driver behavior."}
{"id": "doc483", "text": "The design also includes a digital instrument cluster and central display screen integrated with Amazons logistics management, along with routing and package delivery technology, to eliminate the need for extra navigation or mapping devices. By integrating Amazon Alexa voice assistant technology, the e-tailer will enable drivers to ask for help or use simple voice commands in the cargo bay when sorting packages without having to manually enter commands or consult handheld devices."}
{"id": "doc484", "text": "Were trying to build the most sustainable transportation fleet in the world, said Ross Rachey, director of Amazons global fleet and products. It also needs to be the most functional, the highest performing, the safest."}
{"id": "doc485", "text": "Amazons new electric delivery vehicles will begin delivering packages to customers in 2021. The company plans to have 10,000 of the vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030, saving what the e-tailer says will be millions of metric tons of carbon per year by 2030."}
{"id": "doc486", "text": "The CEO of Amazon is dramatically stepping up his company’s monetary commitment to sustainability."}
{"id": "doc487", "text": "In a short Instagram post, Bezos announced the launch of the $10 billion Bezos Earth Fund. The fund, which will begin issuing grants in summer 2020, is designed to support efforts aimed at combating global climate change. "}
{"id": "doc488", "text": "“Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet, Bezos said in the statement. “I want to work alongside others both to amplify known ways and to explore new ways of fighting the devastating impact of climate change on this planet we all share. This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world. We can save Earth. It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals.”"}
{"id": "doc489", "text": "Amazon has been engaged in a number of initiatives designed to minimize the etail giant’s impact on the environment. In February 2020, Amazon unveiled the design of a fleet of electric delivery vans it says will eliminate 4 million tons of carbon per year by 2030. The company also plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will be its 4 million-sq.-ft. “HQ2” campus in Arlington, Va., and has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually."}
{"id": "doc490", "text": "Amazon has received criticism that its previous sustainability initiatives did not go far enough to help counteract climate change. A group of workers called Amazon Employees for Climate Justice have publicly called for the company to do more and up to 2,000 members staged walkouts from Amazon offices and facilities around the world in September 2019. In addition, environmental group Greenpeace issued a statement accusing Bezos of hypocrisy in his latest effort."}
{"id": "doc491", "text": "Its hypocritical to announce that climate change is the biggest threat to our planet while at the same time boosting the fossil fuel industry by providing advanced computing technologies to the oil and gas industry so that it can discover and drill more oil, more efficiently,” Greenpeace said in the statement. “Amazon also still has work to do to ensure its growing network of data centers fully shifts away from fossil fuels, and the company must transparently report its energy use as Google and Apple do.”"}
{"id": "doc492", "text": "The investigative journalism series Frontline ran an investigative piece on Bezos and Amazon, including the company’s working conditions, use of technology and general influence on the world, on Tuesday, Feb. 18. Bezos is considered the wealthiest person on Earth, with an estimated net worth of $130 billion."}
{"id": "doc493", "text": "A discount giant is expanding its testing of autonomous vehicles for online grocery delivery."}
{"id": "doc494", "text": "Walmart is launching a new pilot with autonomous vehicle company Nuro in Houston. The pilot will enable customers in Houston to opt in to receive deliveries of online grocery orders from self-driving Nuro vehicles. These will include Nuro’s custom-built R2 delivery vehicle that carries only products with no onboard driver or passengers, and autonomous Toyota Priuses, all powered by Nuro’s proprietary self-driving software and hardware."}
{"id": "doc495", "text": "Through the Houston-based pilot, Walmart aims to develop, refine and continue learning how to offer the best end-to-end customer experience. The service plans to expand to the general public later in 2020."}
{"id": "doc496", "text": "“As we near the end of 2019, we’ve grown our online grocery footprint to nearly 3,100 pickup locations with deliveries coming from more than 1,600 stores – powered by Walmart’s team of over 50,000 personal shoppers,” Tom Ward, senior VP, digital operations for Walmart U.S., said in a corporate blog post announcing the pilot. “Along the way, we’ve been test-driving a number of different options for getting groceries from our stores to our customers’ front doors through self-driving technology. We believe this technology is a natural extension of our grocery pickup and delivery service and our goal of making every day a little easier for customers.”"}
{"id": "doc497", "text": "Walmart has been actively piloting different autonomous vehicle technologies as a means of delivering online grocery orders. In January 2019, the retailer initiated a pilot with autonomous vehicle company Udelv in Surprise, Ariz. The program will test the effectiveness of custom-made driverless cargo vans from Udelv in delivering groceries handpicked by Walmart personal shoppers to customers."}
{"id": "doc498", "text": "In November 2018, Walmart partnered with Ford Motor Co. and Postmates to test self-driving vehicles to deliver fresh groceries in Florida’s Miami-Dade County. The pilot uses Ford driverless cars to deliver fresh groceries hand-picked by Walmart’s personal shoppers."}
{"id": "doc499", "text": "Walmart is not the first retailer to test the effectiveness of Nuro autonomous vehicles for delivery. Kroger, a direct competitor with Walmart in the grocery space, has piloted self-driving deliveries with Nuro vehicles in Houston and Scottsdale, Ariz. And in December 2019, pizza chain Domino’s began testing the Nuro R2 for opt-in online deliveries at select Houston stores."}
{"id": "doc500", "text": "An on-demand delivery platform is opening a shared commissary kitchen."}
{"id": "doc501", "text": "DoorDash is launching a new to-go-only concept called DoorDash Kitchens, Located in Redwood City, Calif., DoorDash Kitchens enables local and national restaurants including Nations Giant Hamburgers, Rooster & Rice, Humphry Slocombe, and The Halal Guys to offer delivery, pickup, and group order options to consumers in the California Peninsula area."}
{"id": "doc502", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens provides on-demand delivery access from restaurants to customers across seven Bay Area markets including Atherton, Belmont, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, and Woodside. Pickup options are available to customers in 13 suburban markets including Atherton, Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, San Mateo, Sunnyvale, and Woodside."}
{"id": "doc503", "text": "Customers within range of DoorDash Kitchens can open up the DoorDash app and find these restaurants in their feed. To celebrate the grand opening, DoorDash is offering $0 delivery fees to DoorDash Kitchens restaurants including Nations Giant Hamburgers, Rooster & Rice, Humphry Slocombe, and The Halal Guys through the end of the year."}
{"id": "doc504", "text": "With DoorDash Kitchens, foodservice retailers can gain access to new customers in neighboring communities without the same overhead costs involved in opening additional store locations. DoorDash Kitchens provides the infrastructure, maintenance, marketing, and last-mile logistics, offering an end-to-end online sales and delivery solution."}
{"id": "doc505", "text": "DoorDash works in partnership with each merchant, co-designing the DoorDash Kitchens space with the restaurants to customize the environment to their needs. DoorDash Kitchens will build a team of up to 50 full- or part-time employees in the Redwood City area as well as offer flexible work opportunities for contract drivers. Leveraging shared space, DoorDash hopes to empower restaurants to offer new menu offerings and pairings unique to DoorDash Kitchens."}
{"id": "doc506", "text": "We are constantly working on innovations that help merchants find new, meaningful ways to reach customers and run their businesses more efficiently, said Fuad Hannon, head of new business verticals at DoorDash. We launched DoorDash over six years ago in the Peninsula, and cant wait to bring even more selection to the local community we know and admire."}
{"id": "doc507", "text": "DoorDash operates in more than 4,000 cities across all 50 states."}
{"id": "doc508", "text": "Data from close to 5 million users of an on-demand delivery platform has been exposed."}
{"id": "doc509", "text": "In a corporate blog post, DoorDash says that in September 2019, it became aware of “unusual activity” involving a third-party service provider. A subsequent investigation that included outside security experts determined that an unauthorized third party accessed some DoorDash user data on May 4, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc510", "text": "Approximately 4.9 million consumers, independent contractor drivers, and retailers who joined the DoorDash platform on or before April 5, 2018, are affected. Users who joined after April 5, 2018 are not affected. According to DoorDash, the type of user data accessed could include profile information including names, email addresses, delivery addresses, order history, phone numbers, and hashed, salted passwords which are indecipherable to third parties."}
{"id": "doc511", "text": "For some consumers, the last four digits of their payment cards were also exposed, but not full credit card information such as complete payment card numbers or a card verification value (CVV) security code. DoorDash says the accessed data is not sufficient to make fraudulent charges on a payment card."}
{"id": "doc512", "text": "In addition, some drivers and retailers had the last four digits of their bank account number. However, full bank account information was not accessed, and DoorDash says the information accessed is not sufficient to make fraudulent withdrawals from a bank account. Approximately 100,000 drivers had their driver’s license numbers accessed."}
{"id": "doc513", "text": "DoorDash says it took “immediate steps” to block further access by the unauthorized third party and to enhance security across its platform, and is reaching out directly to affected users. The company is taking additional steps to secure user data, including adding additional protective security layers around data, improving security protocols that govern access to its systems, and bringing in outside security expertise."}
{"id": "doc514", "text": "Although DoorDash does not believe that user passwords have been compromised, it is still recommending all of those affected to reset their passwords to one that is unique to DoorDash. "}
{"id": "doc515", "text": "Since opening in 2011, Ridge Hill in Yonkers has been the center of activity in New York’s fourth largest city, and it is now expanding its offerings with five new tenants."}
{"id": "doc516", "text": "Monster Mini Golf, an indoor 18-hole miniature course that is completely under the luminescent glow of black lights, joins an entertainment roster that includes iFly, Legoland Discovery Center, and Rockin’ Jump."}
{"id": "doc517", "text": "Joining the food and beverage contingent at Ridge Hill are Storming Crab with a Cajun menu and Public Pizza Italian Kitchen & Wine Bar, whose owners run three other popular Italian restaurants in Westchester County."}
{"id": "doc518", "text": "West Dental and My Salon Suite—a kind of shared shop space for a wide range of beauty professionals—round out the band of newcomers at Ridge Hill, which also features luxury residential apartments. "}
{"id": "doc519", "text": "“We want to bring our consumers variety in their experience here at Ridge Hill,” said marketing director Meghann Hongach."}
{"id": "doc520", "text": "Ridge Hill - named one of the Top 10 Retail Center Experiences in America by Chain Store Age in 2018--was originally developed by Forest City Ratner and is now owned by Queensland Investment Corp. Key tenants include Lowe’s, Whole Foods, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Cheesecake Factory, Apple Store, and Lord & Taylor."}
{"id": "doc521", "text": "Texas-based Cavender’s is keeping up with growth by enabling consistent oversight of tasks for store and district managers."}
{"id": "doc522", "text": "The specialty western apparel/footwear retailer operates 84 stores across 11 Southern and Midwestern states. Already leveraging technology from workforce management solutions provider Kronos to automate its HR, payroll, timekeeping, and scheduling processes, Cavender’s decided to implement the Kronos task application to simplify its entire task management process."}
{"id": "doc523", "text": "Deploying the automated Kronos cloud-based task management solution, Cavender’s streamlines how tasks are communicated and executed, replacing the previous email-based process managers used to communicate tasks ad hoc. In addition, the task management tool providers Cavender’s the ability to add visual instruction to any task, helping ensure corporate standards are maintained at every location."}
{"id": "doc524", "text": "Furthermore, district managers gain real-time visibility into the status of assigned tasks, as well as multiple options within the application to confirm completion and quality of work. These include photo validation across all stores in their region. Intuitive dashboards provide anytime-access to distributed workload, reference materials and training videos, and will be accessible to management teams via in-store tablets and desktop computers district managers will additionally be given access via their personal mobile device."}
{"id": "doc525", "text": "By empowering store managers to assign priority tasks directly to their teams, Cavender’s hopes to help balance store workload, in turn delivering a superior employee experience and driving higher productivity. Once fully adopted by management, Cavender’s plans to introduce the task solution to associates. Cavender’s also intends to fine-tune labor forecasting and create employee schedules to align with store workload."}
{"id": "doc526", "text": "“Although we were founded on the belief of creating success through hard work, technology for the modern workplace now enables Cavender’s to work smarter, not harder,” said Jillian Wiese, director of store operations, Cavender’s. “Our decade-long partnership with Kronos has optimized both customer service and productivity and is keeping us on the leading edge of workplace automation in retail.”"}
{"id": "doc527", "text": "Fleet Feet is on the move."}
{"id": "doc528", "text": "The specialty running shoe and apparel retailer will open its first store in the Dallas area, in Plano, in April, along with its third store in San Antonio. Once the Plano location opens, Fleet Feet will have a total of 12 stores in Texas. "}
{"id": "doc529", "text": "We are excited by the opportunities in both San Antonio, Dallas and other Texas markets potentially, to continue serving communities, supporting runners and walkers and outfitting our customers with the best in-store experience possible,” said  Robyn Goby, VP  of development for Fleet Feet, Carrboro, N.C.  The company is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states."}
{"id": "doc530", "text": "The new Fleet Feet in San Antonio will be located at The Forum at Olympia Parkway retail center. It will mimic the format of Fleet Feets Austin location, which offers a robust in-store shoe selection from all major running performance brands in lieu of a wide selection of apparel. "}
{"id": "doc531", "text": "The Plano store will be located at the Preston Towne Crossing retail center. "}
{"id": "doc532", "text": "A specialty office products retailer is mobilizing fulfillment across the enterprise."}
{"id": "doc533", "text": "Office Depot Inc. is migrating its consumer-grade mobile devices used in-store, distribution center and delivery operations to 10,000 Android-based Zebra TC51 touch computers. The TC51 devices are equipped with Zebra’s Workforce Connect Push to Talk (PTT) voice solution and RS507X ring imagers. "}
{"id": "doc534", "text": "Leveraging the new mobile computers, associates can now pick inventory and fulfill buy-online, pick-up in-store (BOPIS) and ship-from-store orders more accurately. Office Depot has cut in-store processing and shelving inventory time, allowing associates to spend more time engaging with customers."}
{"id": "doc535", "text": "On the back end, by standardizing on the TC51 touch computer, Office Depot has eliminated the need for separate picking devices and two-way radios. RS507X ring imagers give order pickers hands-free omnidirectional 1D and 2D barcode scanning capabilities without the need to align barcodes and the device, further boosting operational efficiency. Workforce Connect PTT Voice has improved collaboration among managers and front-line associates with its one-to-one and group communications capability, within a facility and between multiple facilities."}
{"id": "doc536", "text": "Office Depot is also using Zebra’s TC56 touch computer for its fleet management and proof-of-delivery (POD) applications for real-time tracking and visibility into order delivery status and signature capture, helping drivers safely minimize delivery times."}
{"id": "doc537", "text": "In addition, Office Depot selected Zebra OneCare support for extended technical support and access to software updates beyond the product warranty and expert technical support, and Zebra’s LifeGuard for Android security updates."}
{"id": "doc538", "text": "“Through our investment in Zebra technology devices, we have seen improved productivity, accuracy and delivery performance across our private fleet and fulfillment operations, which have contributed to an enhanced customer experience,” said John Gannfors, chief merchandising and supply chain officer for Office Depot."}
{"id": "doc539", "text": "Office Depot operates a fully integrated B2B distribution platform of approximately 1,300 stores, online presence, and sales professionals and technicians. "}
{"id": "doc540", "text": "A comfort footwear and orthotics brand wants your shoes to fit perfectly, regardless of where you buy them."}
{"id": "doc541", "text": "Chain Store Age recently spoke with Larry Schwartz, CEO of Aetrex Worldwide, about the company’s new partnership with fashion personalization and customer experience platform True Fit. "}
{"id": "doc542", "text": "In addition to selling its own custom footwear and orthotics products, Aetrex also runs the foot health site foot.com and has developed its proprietary “Albert” 3D foot scanner technology. The technology uses computer vision, sensor, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning technologies to determine individual consumer data such as size, length, width, height, pressure, and arch type in under one minute."}
{"id": "doc543", "text": "How is Aetrex working with True Fit?"}
{"id": "doc544", "text": "“We have joined in a strategic partnership to combine True Fit’s Fashion Genome connected data set and personal size, fit and style recommendations with the Aetrex technology suite, including our Albert 3D foot scanner, Fit HQ AI solution, and Albert mobile applications. The result is an interactive, omnichannel experience that connects in-store foot scanning data to direct the shopper and recommends the best-fitting footwear for both their foot type and fit and style preferences.  "}
{"id": "doc545", "text": "“The foot scans will enrich each shopper’s True Fit profile, and will enhance accuracy and relevance of the footwear recommendations anywhere True Fit is available. True Fit currently serves personal style, fit, and size recommendations to over 125 million True Fit registered users globally across its network of retailers and partners. This new partnership enhances True Fit’s ability to serve consumers in store and digitally by creating an engaging way for shoppers to interact in the store with sales associates, enrich their True Fit profiles, and increase their chances of finding a pair of shoes they’ll love and keep.”"}
{"id": "doc546", "text": "What does this technology partnership enable?"}
{"id": "doc547", "text": "“This partnership is particularly useful for consumers with special foot fit and sizing considerations, as well as specific performance needs. Aetrex 3D foot scans add an extra layer of data that represents a more nuanced view of the foot. By giving consumers the option of adding the additional 3D scan data to their True Fit profile, True Fit and Aetrex aim to provide better shoe recommendations in store and everywhere they shop digitally.” "}
{"id": "doc548", "text": "What about this offering is new and notable for stores?"}
{"id": "doc549", "text": "“Providing the right style, fit, and size the first time helps retailers create a better customer service experience, resulting in an increase in customer loyalty. This means higher sales conversions, higher rate of trying new brands and styles, higher keep rate on orders with multiple items, and 30-50% reduction of size-related returns for True Fit users. For merchants, marketers, and product designers, the addition of 3D foot scans increases understanding of consumers, product knowledge, product design, and merchandising.  "}
{"id": "doc550", "text": "“In addition, parents have a new tool at their disposal to improve their ability to get their child into the best size. Retail associates are further enabled as fit experts and personal shoppers, and newer employees can be almost as efficient and effective as their best store associates starting on day one.”"}
{"id": "doc551", "text": "How does it impact and benefit shoppers?"}
{"id": "doc552", "text": "“Shoppers benefit by having increased confidence to make a purchase knowing that the shoes being recommended are considering an even more nuanced view of their foot, combining True Fit’s rich style preference and deep product information with Aetrex’s detail 3D foot scan data. Shoppers themselves or the store associate are now able to quickly locate personalized footwear options based on their foot dimensions, preferences, and the inventory available in store or online from a particular retailer.”"}
{"id": "doc553", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc554", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc555", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc556", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc557", "text": "The coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting consumer behavior and creating problems on third-party marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc558", "text": "According to data from omnichannel commerce platform Bloomreach, during the week of Feb. 23-29, revenue sales for masks increased 590% from the week prior. Other products receiving substantial week-over-week bumps in revenue sales included hand sanitizers (420%), Clorox/Lysol wipes (184%), canned food (183%), disinfectants (178%), bottled/packaged water (78%), hand soap (33%), and toilet paper/paper towel (26%)."}
{"id": "doc559", "text": "Bloomreach pulled this global sales data (with a strong U.S. showing) from its customer base, which includes 250-plus retailers. "}
{"id": "doc560", "text": "In addition, a recent survey from First Insight demonstrates consumers are changing some shopping behaviors as a result of the coronavirus, with generational variations. Overall, 35% of respondents have cut back on spending in preparation for the impact of the coronavirus, with millennials (40%) and Gen Z (41%) cutting back the most compared to baby boomers (23%) and Gen X (36%)."}
{"id": "doc561", "text": "A little more than one in five (22%) of respondents say they are buying more products in anticipation of the spread of the virus, with grocery leading as the top product consumers are buying more of (19%). This is followed by household products and personal care items at 13%, health products at 12%, and beauty products at 7%."}
{"id": "doc562", "text": "About three in 10 (29%) of respondents say they are taking advantage of BOPIS services and curbside (18%) pickup to get products without going in-store. By generation, Gen Z leads in taking advantage of BOPIS (47%) with millennials favoring curbside pickup (30%)."}
{"id": "doc563", "text": "Furthermore, as result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online. Roughly half (49%) of respondents say that due to the coronavirus outbreak, they are concerned about receiving apparel or other products that were produced in impacted areas such as China."}
{"id": "doc564", "text": "With a virus-related surge in demand for products such as cleaning supplies and hand sanitizers, perhaps it is not surprising that the Wall Street Journal reports third-party marketplaces operated by retailers such as Amazon and Walmart face sellers charging unreasonable prices for these items."}
{"id": "doc565", "text": "Amazon has reportedly been removing tens of thousands of overpriced products from its marketplace and is also taking action against third-party sellers who make false or unsubstantiated claims about a product’s ability to counteract the coronavirus. According to the Journal, as recently as Wednesday, March 5 Amazon Marketplace featured products such as containers of disinfectant wipes and hand sanitizer for up to five or six times normal cost. "}
{"id": "doc566", "text": "“There is no place for false claims and price gouging on Amazon,” Dharmesh Mehta, Amazon’s VP of worldwide customer trust and partner support, is quoted as saying at a March 5 consumer-protection hearing in Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc567", "text": "In addition, the Journal reports online marketplaces run by Walmart, eBay, and Facebook have all been experiencing third-party sellers ratcheting up prices on virus-related items. Chain Store Age has reached out to Walmart for comment."}
{"id": "doc568", "text": "Airport retail, which has been on a fast track, is likely to decline as a result of the spreading coronavirus. "}
{"id": "doc569", "text": "That’s according to GlobalData Retail, which said that the prevention of travel for Chinese consumers will impact the performance of airport retail worldwide. Global airport retail had been estimated to increase 6.1% in 2020, to $48.2 billion."}
{"id": "doc570", "text": "“Over the last few years airport retailers, especially those in Europe, have tailored their propositions, integrated Chinese payment solutions and invested in Mandarin-speaking staff to target Chinese passengers and maximize sales growth opportunities,” said Honor Strachan, principal analyst at GlobalData. “If outbound tourism from China suffers as a result of coronavirus, airport operators and retailers must adapt their strategies to target other passengers.”"}
{"id": "doc571", "text": "The coronavirus has already dented retail and leisure spending across the Chinese New Year holiday due to consumers being encouraged, and in some cases forced, to stay in and avoid travel."}
{"id": "doc572", "text": "In response to the crisis, retailers such as China Duty Free Group has closed its mall in Haitang Bay – impacting the APAC duty-free market in 2020. Should foreign offices extend their advice of avoiding travel to the Hubei province to other regions, then passenger numbers and airports in tourism hubs such as Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and Xi’an will be negatively hit, according to GlobalData Retail."}
{"id": "doc573", "text": "“Asia Pacific is forecast to be the fastest performing region for airport retail spend in 2020, with sales rising 8.4% to $21.7 billion – 45.1% of the global channel,” said Strachan. “While this recent coronavirus outbreak cannot yet be compared to the impact of SARS, if the coronavirus continues to spread globally over the course of 2020 its impact on tourism and economies, particularly across APAC, could be severe.”"}
{"id": "doc574", "text": "The 2020 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo should provide a significant boost to airport retail in Japan and neighboring countries as visitors tour the region."}
{"id": "doc575", "text": "“However, controlling the spread and severity of coronavirus over the next two months is vital to ensure this event will still attract international visitors and achieve the forecasts produced pre-breakout,” added Strachan."}
{"id": "doc576", "text": "While coronavirus-related declines in consumer traffic will impact retailers’ IT spending, IHL Group also sees some positive trends."}
{"id": "doc577", "text": "The industry analysis/consulting firm now forecasts 2020 worldwide IT spend by the retail and hospitality industry will total $270 billion. This is up 5.6% from 2019, but adjusted downward for the expected impact of the coronavirus 9COVID-19) on the global economy."}
{"id": "doc578", "text": "IHL predicts that consumer traffic will be down for a period, but there will also be developments that will help to buffer the negative downside in retail IT spend. These include less travel, more focus on specific projects and opportunities to replace equipment with less impact on operations. "}
{"id": "doc579", "text": "In addition, IHL says the most significant retail investments in IT are in moving solutions to the cloud, particularly those that optimize the relationship for digital orders with store fulfillment. The firm predicts that the trends to optimize click-and-collect and delivery will double their previous investment as a result of consumers seeking to avoid crowds into June 2020. "}
{"id": "doc580", "text": "Other technologies IHL expects retailers to significantly increase their investments in include remote tools, solutions that decentralize the supply chain, artificial intelligence/machine learning, forecasting solutions, and analytics. Retailers have also already made decisions about investing in POS technology based on the expiration of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standard 2.0. "}
{"id": "doc581", "text": "“Overall, we view COVID – 19 as a 1 fiscal quarter significant blip on retail consumer spending, with less impact rolling through on 2020 IT spend,” Greg Buzek, founder and president of IHL Group, said in a corporate blog post. “If there is to be a significant drop in retail spend as a result of COVID-19 and resulting economic impact beyond 1 fiscal quarter, the IT impacts will be more significant in 2021 spend than for 2020. Of course, should the virus impact grow longer than one quarter worldwide, all growth will be reduced further.”"}
{"id": "doc582", "text": "Davids Bridal is promising customers their dresses will arrive in time for the big day."}
{"id": "doc583", "text": "In the wake of reports that the coronavirus outbreak will slow shipments of wedding dresses (China is a leading supplier of wedding gowns), the retailer announced on Monday that its orders have not been impacted by the coronavirus and will arrive before customer event dates. Davids Bridal said that all of its factories — about half of which are in China — are open for business and none of its employees have been reported ill due to coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc584", "text": "We know how stressful a delayed order can be to a bride, so Im here to unequivocally say that every customer will have the dress of her dreams in time, before her event date,” said Jim Marcum, CEO of Davids Bridal."}
{"id": "doc585", "text": "The company cited its proprietary supply chain and broad selection of in-store and distribution center inventory as putting it in a unique position to be able to guarantee customer orders. The retailer said it has more than 300,000 bridal gowns and a broad assortment of bridesmaids dresses available for customers to shop and take home immediately, which sets it apart from every other bridal boutique and wholesaler. Additionally, the company plans to continue air-freighting gowns as needed to ensure customer orders arrive for the customers event."}
{"id": "doc586", "text": "Target Corp. has launched its in-store and online partnership with The Walt Disney Company.  "}
{"id": "doc587", "text": "The discounter opened in-store Disney shops in 25 Target locations and a complementary online experience. The dedicated spaces feature an expanded Disney assortment of more than 450 items, including more than 100 products that were previously only available at Disney retail locations. (Most of the merchandise is also available online.)"}
{"id": "doc588", "text": "Featuring a shop-in-shop layout, the Disney stores in Target average 750 sq. ft. and are located adjacent to kids clothing and toys. Forty additional locations are expected to open by October 2020. "}
{"id": "doc589", "text": "Target and Disney announced the venture in August. Target said it worked closely with Disney to co-develop and design the in-store experience, which includes features such as music, interactive displays and photo ops. The space also includes a seating area where families can watch Disney movie clips and play games. Visitors can try on Mickeys magic hat, pose with a life-size lightsaber and wear a prince or princess crown."}
{"id": "doc590", "text": "Weve brought the magic of Disney to Target, bringing together great merchandise amidst an experience thats truly immersive and unique, said Mark Tritton, executive VP and chief merchandising officer, Target. Guests will be able to connect with the Disney characters and stories they love in a meaningful way while accessing the latest and greatest Disney products, including items previously only available at Disney retail locations. "}
{"id": "doc591", "text": "Target’s new Disney store and online experience also feature newly unveiled Disney merchandise from Frozen 2 and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, marking the first-ever simultaneous global product rollout for two entertainment juggernauts, the companies said. Target will offer more than 100 exclusive products from the two highly anticipated movie releases as well as The Mandalorian – landing on Disney+ Nov. 12, and Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order – the game which releases Nov. 15."}
{"id": "doc592", "text": "Target’s collaboration with Disney comes as the entertainment giant, which operates about 300 stores globally, is dealing with traffic declines at the malls where many of its U.S. stores are located. Disney also has an agreement to sell its products in J.C. Penney stores, but the initiative is not Disney branded and does not contain as many products as the Target shops will."}
{"id": "doc593", "text": "The Body Shop is putting the spotlight on its longstanding green ethos and activist DNA with the North American launch of its newest retail format.  "}
{"id": "doc594", "text": "The natural beauty brand has transformed its store at CF Pacific Centre, in Vancouver, Canada, into an “activist workshop” that encourages shoppers to explore and recycle products and learn about how to “fight for a fairer and more beautiful world.” It’s the third location for the concept, with one in London and one in Hong Kong. "}
{"id": "doc595", "text": "The store’s features include a refill station. As part of The Body Shops new refill program, consumers can purchase refillable aluminum bottles and fill them with various shower gels. There is also a water station where shoppers can refill their water bottles. "}
{"id": "doc596", "text": "The revamped space has been outfitted with sustainable store fixtures such as reclaimed wood and recycled plastics to help minimize its environmental footprint. It utilizes zinc facade cladding, an eco-friendly material that requires less energy production than other metals and can be produced from recycled materials taken from demolished or re-roofed structures. The store also boasts worktop surfaces that are manufactured from 100% recycled material destined for landfill."}
{"id": "doc597", "text": "In addition, the store features an “activism corner,” a dedicated space where customers can learn about the brands activist roots and campaign for social change around issues ranging from gender equality to fighting cosmetic animal testing. They can also find out how they can get involved and take a stand with The Body Shops global and local collective of fearless activists. "}
{"id": "doc598", "text": "The Vancouver location will continue its Return. Recycle. Repeat. program. The program, in partnership with Terracycle encourages shoppers to return their empty bottles, jars, tubs, tubes and pots in exchange for a future purchase voucher."}
{"id": "doc599", "text": "Our newly transformed Pacific Centre location showcases the best of The Body Shops brand values, said Hilary Lloyd VP of Marketing and Corporate Responsibility at The Body Shop. The new Vancouver concept store marks the return to our activism roots. We want our customers to roll up their sleeves and join us in playing with product, recycling, refilling and campaigning for issues that progress equality."}
{"id": "doc600", "text": "The Body Shop operates about 3,000 retail locations in more than 70 countries. Along with Aesop, Avon and Natura, The Body Shop is part of Natura &Co."}
{"id": "doc601", "text": "A cult-fave, eco-friendly online sneaker brand is expanding offline."}
{"id": "doc602", "text": "Allbirds will open 20 stores next year, with many of them in the U.S., the company’s co-founder and co-CEO Tim Brown told CNBC.  Allbirds, which launched online in 2014, opened its first physical stores in 2018, in its San Francisco hometown and in downtown Manhattan. The company’s signature footwear is made from renewable Merino wool, which it says minimizes odor, regulates temperature, and wicks moisture."}
{"id": "doc603", "text": "Currently, Allbirds operates seven stores in the U.S., and six abroad, including three locations in China, according to its website. "}
{"id": "doc604", "text": "“We’re hugely excited about the channel,” Brown said in the CNBC report. “It’s a great opportunity for people to touch our product, to try our product.”"}
{"id": "doc605", "text": "To read the full story, click here."}
{"id": "doc606", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc607", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc608", "text": "Almost half of consumers have used voice search to search for products in the past month."}
{"id": "doc609", "text": "According to consumer survey data exclusively provided to Chain Store Age by The Manifest, 48% of respondents have searched for products with a voice-enabled device such as their phone or a smart speaker in the previous 30 days. The most popular product categories for voice search are:"}
{"id": "doc610", "text": "•    Electronics (22%)•    Clothing (19%)•    Accessories (e.g., shoes, bags, jewelry, belts) (16%)•    Business services (16%)•    Health & beauty products (15%)•    Books (11%)"}
{"id": "doc611", "text": "In additional published findings, the survey found more than half of voice search users (53%) use it at least once a week. People are more likely to use voice search to search for products, services, and information (60%) than to communicate with other people (20%) or issue commands (20%). "}
{"id": "doc612", "text": "The top three types of information people use voice search to find out include facts such as trivia and term definitions (62%), the weather (46%), and the news (32%). "}
{"id": "doc613", "text": "The survey also found that different age groups use voice search differently: Interestingly, voice search users ages 35 and older (64%) are more likely to use voice search to search for products/services than younger users ages 18-34 (47%). Meanwhile, younger voice search users ages 18-34 are the most likely to use voice search to issue commands (30%), compared to users ages 35 and older (17%). "}
{"id": "doc614", "text": "The Manifest surveyed 501 U.S. residents who use voice search with a voice-enabled device. "}
{"id": "doc615", "text": "Dollar General is looking to hire thousands of new employees."}
{"id": "doc616", "text": "The discounter said it plans to create more than 8,000 new career opportunities in fiscal year 2020 through anticipated store and distribution center growth. In the past five years, Dollar General’s workforce has grown from 105,000 employees (February 2015) to more than 143,000 current employees"}
{"id": "doc617", "text": "Dollar General operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc618", "text": "“Candidates who join Dollar General can find numerous opportunities to begin or develop their career, demonstrated by the fact approximately 12,000 current store managers and tens of thousands of additional employees have been promoted from within,” said Kathy Reardon, Dollar General’s senior VP and chief people officer. “We are also proud to provide employees with a culture rooted in our mission of Serving Others, world-class training and development programs that support our employees’ career growth and a continual commitment to recruit, train and develop top talent to best serve our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc619", "text": "Dollar Tree reported fourth-quarter earnings that topped expectations as the discounter continues to upgrade its Family Dollar portfolio and launches a new initiative."}
{"id": "doc620", "text": "The retailer said that it will renovate about 1,250 Family Dollar stores to its “H2” format in fiscal 2020. The format features improved merchandise offerings, including Dollar Tree $1 merchandise sections, an expanded party assortment and an expanded number of freezer and cooler doors. In addition, the company will launch its multi-price Dollar TreePlus! 2.0 initiative. It piloted the initial concept in 2019. "}
{"id": "doc621", "text": "Dollar Tree’s net income totaled $123.0 million, or 52 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared to a loss of $2.31 billion, or $9.69 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.79, ahead of Street estimates for $1.76. "}
{"id": "doc622", "text": "Sales rose 1.8% to $6.32 billion from $6.21 billion last year. Analysts had forecast sales of $6.39 billion. "}
{"id": "doc623", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 0.4%. Same-store sales at Dollar Tree rose 1.5% and fell 0.8% at Family Dollar."}
{"id": "doc624", "text": "In a statement, CEO Gary Philbin said that Dollar Tree’s and Family Dollar’s support functions were now working together in one location under one leadership team, which the company expects will build greater collaboration and efficiencies. "}
{"id": "doc625", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 was a very important year for our organization to further develop the foundation to grow and improve our business,” Philbin said. "}
{"id": "doc626", "text": "For the full year, Dollar Tree’s net sales increased 3.5% to $23.61 billion. Enterprise same-store sales increased 1.8%. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree segment increased 2.3% (or 2.2% when adjusted to include the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations). Same-store sales for Family Dollar increased 1.4%."}
{"id": "doc627", "text": "The company’s fiscal 2020 outlook includes an estimated incremental impact of $47 million related to tariffs, with nearly all of it being incurred in the first half of the year. "}
{"id": "doc628", "text": "Additionally, the outlook includes an estimated impact of $15 million related to the new clean fuel regulations for ocean shipping. The outlook does not include any potential impact related to the supply chain or other aspects of the company’s business for the COVID-19 coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc629", "text": "“As we enter 2020, our teams are aligned, energized and focused,” Philbin stated. “While our first quarter outlook includes expected pressure from the incremental tariffs and promotional activity, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver improved sales, operating margin and earnings in the following three quarters and for full-year fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc630", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, Dollar Tree operates 15,288 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada."}
{"id": "doc631", "text": "Dollar Tree warned that its fourth-quarter earnings will take a hit due to the ongoing trade war between the U.S. and China."}
{"id": "doc632", "text": "The discounter on Tuesday said that tariffs imposed on Chinese imports will add $19 million, or 6 cents per share, to its costs of goods for the fourth quarter of 2019. (Abercrombie & Fitch on Tuesday said it expects tariffs to impact its holiday quarter earnings as well."}
{"id": "doc633", "text": "Dollar Tree also reported that its net income fell to $255.8 million, or $1.08 a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, down from $281.8 million, or $1.18 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings per share of $1.13"}
{"id": "doc634", "text": "Sales rose 3.7% to $5.75 billion, just topping estimates of $5.74 billion. Same-store sales rose 2.5%. "}
{"id": "doc635", "text": "Dollar Tree said it has completed more than 1,150 Family Dollar renovations to its updated format and nearly 200 Dollar Tree re-banners year to date. It also launched a Dollar TreePlus! test this year."}
{"id": "doc636", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 has been a unique year as the result of several factors: the material acceleration in our Family Dollar store optimization initiatives, the consolidation of our two store support centers into southeast Virginia, the global helium shortage, and the continued uncertainty regarding trade and the related tariffs,” said Gary Philbin, president and CEO."}
{"id": "doc637", "text": "The company’s revised fourth-quarter outlook, which now includes the impact of tariffs, forecasts earnings per share in a range between $1.70 and $1.80, below analysts expectations of $2.02. Fourth-quarter sales are expected to fall in the range of $6.33 billion to $6.44 billion. Analysts are expecting sales of $6.41 billion. "}
{"id": "doc638", "text": "Dollar Tree cut its fiscal year earnings outlook to $4.66 to $4.76 per share, compared to its prior forecast of $4.90 to $5.11. The company said the new estimate includes 28 cents in discrete cost adjustments and 5 cents in store closure costs. "}
{"id": "doc639", "text": "Dollar Tree operated 15,262 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces as of November 2, 2019."}
{"id": "doc640", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. came strong out of the gate in the first month of the year."}
{"id": "doc641", "text": "The membership warehouse club retailer reported net sales of $11.57 billion for the four weeks ended February 2, 2020, up 8% from $10.71 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales (excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange) rose 5.3%, with a 5.6% increase in the U.S. E-commerce comparable sales surged 17.2%. "}
{"id": "doc642", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc643", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported sales that missed the Street amid fierce competition to attract shoppers in the grocery space, but its earnings topped expectations. "}
{"id": "doc644", "text": "Net income totaled $1.1 billion, or $2.47 a share, in the quarter ended Sept. 1, compared with $1.04 billion, or $2.36 a share, in the year-ago period. Costco said results included a charge of 22 cents a share for a product tax assessment. Excluding one-time items, earnings were $2.69 per share. Analysts were looking for earnings of $2.54 a share."}
{"id": "doc645", "text": "Total revenue rose to $47.50 billion from $44.41 billion, missing analysts’ estimates of $47.57. Total comparable sales, including online, rose 5.1%, excluding the impact of fuel and currency fluctuations. In the U.S., comparable store sales, excluding fuel, rose 5.2%."}
{"id": "doc646", "text": "In August, Costco opened its first location in China, in Shanghai. Traffic was so busy on opening day the store had to close early. On the company’s quarterly earnings call, CFO Richard Galanti said that the crowds are now well managed and that sales have remained strong during the past month. Costco plans to open a second Shanghai store in 2021."}
{"id": "doc647", "text": "Costco executives said the company is working to mitigate the impact of import tariffs linked to the U.S.-China trade dispute."}
{"id": "doc648", "text": "Since the beginning of these tariffs over a year ago, we continue to be active in managing and were possibly mitigating the impact where we can, CFO Richard Galanti said on the quarterly call. In some cases, weve reduced our commitments on certain items. And again, just on the impact of what we expect, we look at alternative country sourcing where possible and feasible and although again, theres a limited amount of that ability to do that."}
{"id": "doc649", "text": "Costco currently operates 783 warehouses, including 544 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, one in France, one in Iceland, and one in China. Costco also operates e-commerce web sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea and Taiwan."}
{"id": "doc650", "text": "A regional sporting goods chain is getting an assist in transforming to a cloud-based enterprise."}
{"id": "doc651", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods is partnering with TierPoint, a provider of secure, connected data center and cloud solutions at the edge of the Internet, to leverage IBM infrastructure and other cloud services. The retailer is moving away from the traditional data center model to a flexible, scalable, cloud-based infrastructure."}
{"id": "doc652", "text": "Our IT operations, including computing and infrastructure resource needs, are a key component of our ability to succeed in a highly competitive retail marketplace,” said Modell CTO Vincent Damiano. “In the retail industry today, you are constantly looking for ways to stay ahead of the competition and you need the ability to adapt and change fast. We chose TierPoint as a partner in this area due to their experience, reputation and comprehensive suite of services that allow us the real-time flexibility in managing our computing resource needs to support our business."}
{"id": "doc653", "text": "Modell’s has already demonstrated it sees cloud-enabling operations as a key component of staying competitive in 21st century retail. Earlier in November, the retailer rolled out the Domo cloud platform, with more than 1,000 pre-built connectors and a mobile-first design, to automatically update enterprise data and make it available via mobile device. "}
{"id": "doc654", "text": "As a result, store managers have more control over each day’s performance by knowing what’s selling and optimizing that inventory. In addition, executives can more holistically understand the areas of the business that are doing well or may need attention. "}
{"id": "doc655", "text": "Headquartered in New York City and family-run, Modells Sporting Goods operates over 150 stores located in nine East Coast states and the District of Columbia, as well as a national e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc656", "text": "Plus-size retailer Avenue Stores is running on borrowed time."}
{"id": "doc657", "text": "In April, the women’s plus-size apparel and accessories retailer announced it had successfully refinanced its outstanding capital structure and had been provided with a new revolving credit facility by PNC Bank. But last week, the New York Post reported that the chain has 60 days to find a buyer — or it will close its 260 stores nationwide."}
{"id": "doc658", "text": "In the report, the Rochelle Park, N.J.-based chain confirmed that it is “working with advisors to evaluate options.”"}
{"id": "doc659", "text": "“The broad disruption in this challenging retail climate affects many retailers including Avenue,” the company said in a statement to the Post. “Avenue deeply appreciates the support of its customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders as it considers these alternatives.”"}
{"id": "doc660", "text": "Avenue is owned by private equity company Versa Capital Management, which acquired it in a bankruptcy auction in 2012. At the time, the retailer operated 433 stores."}
{"id": "doc661", "text": "To read the full story, click here."}
{"id": "doc662", "text": "Select Albertsons Cos. pharmacies are minimizing the wait time for medications."}
{"id": "doc663", "text": "Customers can now get prescription delivery in as little as one to two hours at Albertsons Cos. pharmacies in Louisiana, Texas, California, and the District of Columbia. Specifically, the new service is available at Safeway pharmacies in San Jose, Calif. and Washington, D.C.; Albertsons pharmacies in Louisiana; Randalls pharmacies in Austin and Houston; and Albertsons and Tom Thumb pharmacies in Dallas-Fort Worth."}
{"id": "doc664", "text": "The company plans to introduce one-to-two-hour prescription delivery to additional markets throughout 2020. The new service complements the same-day, next-day, and mail delivery available at most of Albertsons Cos.’ 1,700-plus pharmacies. Customers can also add over-the-counter medications to their orders."}
{"id": "doc665", "text": "To schedule a prescription delivery, patients call their Albertsons pharmacy where their prescription was processed to request and set up delivery. Where available, patients can also use their local store’s pharmacy app to set up prescription delivery once they get the confirmation text that their prescription is ready. Delivery fees vary per market."}
{"id": "doc666", "text": "Once the prescription is ready for delivery, the pharmacy packages the medications in tamper-proof packaging and Albertsons’ delivery partner ScriptDrop is notified. ScriptDrop then works with drivers who are HIPAA-compliant and specially trained to deliver prescriptions while protecting private patient information. The drivers use a special app that tracks their progress and sends the patient live text updates when their prescription is out for delivery. All delivered prescriptions must be signed for at the patient’s delivery location."}
{"id": "doc667", "text": "“It is our mission to take care of our patients and help them achieve their health and wellness goals. If they can’t make it to the pharmacy, then we want to take the pharmacy to them,” said Mark Panzer, senior VP, Albertsons Cos. pharmacy health and wellness. “These delivery services eliminate barriers to medication adherence, first and foremost. They also make our patients’ lives easier because our pharmacy services are more accessible and convenient.”"}
{"id": "doc668", "text": "“Albertsons Cos. was an early-adopter of our vision of the future of pharmacy and utilizing technology to improve the patient experience. The entire ScriptDrop team is elated at the opportunity to grow our partnership alongside Albertsons Cos. innovative team, said Nick Potts, founder and CEO of ScriptDrop. ScriptDrop’s technology and infrastructure allows the pharmacies to follow through with their initiatives to improve medication access for patients, which resonates with the mission of Albertsons Cos. pharmacies."}
{"id": "doc669", "text": "Albertsons operates stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia under 20 banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen, and Carrs."}
{"id": "doc670", "text": "A major grocery conglomerate is moving ahead with automated in-store fulfillment of e-commerce orders. "}
{"id": "doc671", "text": "Albertsons Cos. is expanding on a pilot of “micro-fulfillment” centers supported by a hyperlocal fulfillment solution from Takeoff Technologies. Located inside an existing store, micro-fulfillment centers typically hold about 15,000 to 18,000 of the local market’s most popular products. "}
{"id": "doc672", "text": "The centers use robotic technology to fulfill e-commerce orders and provide real-time information about inventory. By placing a micro-fulfillment center in an existing store close to customers, Albertsons hopes to be able to carry a diverse and locally relevant selection of products."}
{"id": "doc673", "text": "Albertsons and Takeoff began their partnership in 2018 with the announcement of two pilot micro-fulfillment centers that would be constructed in existing grocery stores. Albertsons began operating its first pilot unit in October 2019 at a Safeway in South San Francisco. "}
{"id": "doc674", "text": "Another pilot unit is scheduled to begin operations at a Safeway in San Jose, Calif. before the end of 2019. Albertsons has also agreed to purchase additional micro-fulfillment centers from Takeoff and is evaluating market expansion opportunities. According to research from Takeoff Technologies, micro-fulfillment centers can increase productivity by up to 10 times through improved speed, productivity, accuracy, and efficiency; and reduce or eliminate product substitutions."}
{"id": "doc675", "text": "“The micro-fulfillment center model is a key element in the store of the future,” said Vivek Sankaran, Albertsons Cos. president and CEO. “It combines the efficiency of automation with the ease of meeting customers when and how they want to shop. In working with Takeoff, we can evolve how the model ties into our store and e-commerce ecosystems and accelerate our path to best serve our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc676", "text": "Canadian grocer Loblaw Inc. is building an automated picking facility, using hyperlocal fulfillment technology from Takeoff, to support its PC Express BOPIS service. Loblaw will launch the 12,000-sq.-ft. facility inside one of its GTA Real Canadian superstores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc677", "text": "Albertsons Cos. operates stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia under 20 banners."}
{"id": "doc678", "text": "Albertsons Companies has added two key hires to help it expand its digital capabilities. "}
{"id": "doc679", "text": "Markdowns affected American Eagle Outfitters Inc. earnings per share (EPS) in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 even as sales hit a record."}
{"id": "doc680", "text": "The specialty apparel retailer reported total net revenue increased $63 million, or 6%, to a record $1.07 billion compared to $1.00 billion in the same quarter the prior year. Same-store sales increased 5%, and were positive across both store and digital channels. By brand, American Eagle’s same-store sales increased 2%, while Aerie’s same-store sales increased 20%, "}
{"id": "doc681", "text": "However, EPS stayed flat at $0.48, meeting American Eagle’s previously released guidance. Jay Schottenstein, chairman and CEO of American Eagle Outfitters, cited soft sales in some categories as clipping the retailer’s earnings."}
{"id": "doc682", "text": "“Strong top-line performance across brands and channels led to our 19th consecutive quarter of comparable sales growth and record third-quarter revenue,” said Schottenstein. “In a tough environment, we reported EPS in line with our guidance. We continued to deliver on our strategic pillars, with Aerie and American Eagle Jeans demonstrating strong sales and profit growth. Softer demand in certain AE apparel categories led to higher markdowns and has persisted into the fourth quarter. The team has been working hard to quickly course correct, and our focus is squarely on continuing to capitalize on the strength of our brands, accelerating the growth of Aerie, and creating shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc683", "text": "During the quarter, the company opened six American Eagle stores, ending with 945 American Eagle stores, including 170 Aerie side-by-side locations. Additionally, the company opened 12 Aerie stand-alone stores and closed one, ending with 142 Aerie stand-alone stores. Internationally, the company ended the quarter with 241 licensed stores compared to 223 last year. "}
{"id": "doc684", "text": "American Eagle expects fourth-quarter 2019 EPS to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.36, with same-sales approximately flat. This guidance excludes potential asset impairment and restructuring charges. In 2018, the company reported EPS of $0.43 for the fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc685", "text": "A fast-casual chicken chain is rolling out a new in-store mobile ordering feature."}
{"id": "doc686", "text": "Chick-Fil-A is introducing “dine-in mobile ordering.” This new ordering option enables customers to order from a table in the restaurant via the Chick-Fil-A app and have it delivered directly to their table, eliminating the need to stand in line or place an order at the counter. Starting Thursday, Oct. 17, dine-in mobile ordering is available at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide."}
{"id": "doc687", "text": "Dine-in mobile ordering works in three steps: Placing a dine-in order via the mobile app; finding a table in the Chick-Fil-A dining room or patio and tapping a smartphone to a table number; and a store associate bringing the meal to the customer’s table using their table number. "}
{"id": "doc688", "text": "Chick-Fil-A has integrated near field communication (NFC) technology into the table numbers to enable customers to tap their phone on the table number to check in. Customers can also use the dine-in mobile ordering feature to order additional menu items and have the food delivered to their table."}
{"id": "doc689", "text": "Customers can order from the full Chick-Fil-A menu with this feature and will receive Chick-Fil-A One points toward rewards with dine-in mobile ordering. Chick-Fil-A restaurants will still continue to take orders at the front counter and drive-thru."}
{"id": "doc690", "text": "Chick-Fil-A began testing dine-in mobile ordering in 2018 at 80 restaurants in Tampa, Nashville, Seattle, San Francisco, and Silicon Valley. Since the test began, the company says it has received positive feedback from customers, particularly from those with large parties or families with children. Internal Chick-fil-A research indicated that 92% of customers surveyed that used dine-in mobile ordering found the feature appealing due to ease and convenience."}
{"id": "doc691", "text": "So many of our customers busy lives and commitments have them strapped for time,” said Khalilah Cooper, Chick-Fil-A director, service & hospitality. “Dine-in mobile ordering is one way we can help them get a quick, yet high-quality meal. This technology will be particularly helpful for busy parents who can now head straight into the restaurant and have their meal brought to their table at their convenience, without waiting in line."}
{"id": "doc692", "text": "Atlanta-based Chick-Fil-A, Inc. operates more than 2,400 restaurants in 47 states, Washington, D.C., and Canada."}
{"id": "doc693", "text": "Chick-fil-A’s first foray into an overseas market has been marked by controversy. "}
{"id": "doc694", "text": "The U.S. fast-food giant opened a site at The Oracle shopping center in Reading, England, on Oct. 10. But the shopping center has already said it will not extend the restaurant’s lease, citing pressure from local LGBTQ rights group Reading Pride, reported the BBC."}
{"id": "doc695", "text": "“We always look to introduce new concepts for our customers, however, we have decided on this occasion that the right thing to do is to only allow Chick-Fil-A to trade with us for the initial six-month pilot period, and not to extend the lease any further, The Oracle stated. "}
{"id": "doc696", "text": "Chick-fil-A, which ranks as the nation’s third largest restaurant chain by sales, has faced criticism at home for donations to certain groups that some consider anti-LGBTQ. In March, the company lost out on a contract to open a location at the San Antonio International Airport after some city council members raised concerns with the brand’s record on LGBTQ issues."}
{"id": "doc697", "text": "In opposing Chick-fil-A, the Reading Pride group in the U.K. cited donations the chain made to three specific organizations, including the Salvation Army and the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, that it said have a reputation of being hostile to LGBT rights. Chick-fil-A had previously told the BBC: Our giving has always focused on youth and education. We have never donated with the purpose of supporting a social or political agenda.”"}
{"id": "doc698", "text": "American Dream, the Ghermezian family’s New Jersey mega-mall, will open the retail wing of the 3-million-plus-sq.-ft. property on March 19, according to a report on CNBC."}
{"id": "doc699", "text": "A 50,000-sq.-ft. Primark store and a 20,000-sq.-ft. Uniqlo will be among the first retail tenants at American Dream, which opened its Nickelodeon amusement park, its Big Snow indoor ski slope, and an NHL-sized skating rink prior to the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc700", "text": "Others reported to be in operation on opening day are Sephora, Old Navy, Aritzia, H&M, and Ulta Beauty."}
{"id": "doc701", "text": "The mall’s “Luxury Wing,” with tenants including Saks Fifth Avenue, Hermes, and Gucci, debut in December, and Triple Five CEO Don Ghermezian said more retailers would be arriving in phases.  "}
{"id": "doc702", "text": "“We’ve got Saks opening in the middle of the center. Now that’s a real anchor,” Ghermezian said. “Saks closed their other two stores in New Jersey to open at American Dream.”"}
{"id": "doc703", "text": "Still to come to American Dream is a Dreamworks water park."}
{"id": "doc704", "text": "Comedy Shrine, a fixture for 14 years in Aurora, Ill. (the home of “Wayne’s World”), is leaving its longtime freestanding location and moving into  the local Fox Valley Mall."}
{"id": "doc705", "text": "“Comedy Shrine has outgrown our current location. When we began looking for a new venue, the changes taking place at Fox Valley Mall really caught our eye,” said David Sinker, a veteran of the famed Second City comedy club who opened Comedy Shrine in 2005. "}
{"id": "doc706", "text": "“There are big things happening at Fox Valley Mall, from thought-provoking original works of art to a completely re-imagined park-like Center Court,” said Sinker."}
{"id": "doc707", "text": "Sinker said the new location will allow him to attract more nationally known acts and do daytime programming like comedy classes."}
{"id": "doc708", "text": "Key tenants at the 1.5 million-sq.-ft. mall include Macy’s, H&M, Victoria’s Secret, and Disney Store. It also houses a 50,000-sq.-ft. Round 1 entertainment center."}
{"id": "doc709", "text": "Scott Samson, senior general manager of Fox Valley, said that the mall is on the ground floor of a significant transformation as a focal point for entertainment and community activities."}
{"id": "doc710", "text": "“We’re drastically altering the way people interact with their neighborhood shopping center. We’re creating something so much more meaningful. Adding an iconic entertainment venue like Comedy Shrine to the mall’s tenant mix is indicative of the kind of changes we have in store for Fox Valley 2.0,” Samson said. "}
{"id": "doc711", "text": "Price Chopper at Mid Valley Mall will soon be transforming to a new contemporary food-focused concept called Market 32. The look and feel of it will be distinctively more modern and marked by open space and décor filled with product-focused displays. DLC Management Corp. is excited to announce its partnership with Price Chopper on this $8 million total renovation of the already successful 74,000-sq.-ft. location. The project will firmly solidify Price Chopper’s commitment to Mid Valley Mall and the Newburgh, N.Y., market. The new offering by Price Chopper reflects what today’s customer wants in a modern and convenient shopping experience. Market 32 is dedicated to finding local providers for produce and is committed to an expanded assortment of organic produce. Customers can look forward to a variety of prepared, ready-to-cook, and grab-n-go fruit and vegetables options."}
{"id": "doc712", "text": "Set in Gaithersburg, Md., one of the most affluent communities in the nation, Downtown Crown is an exciting mixed-use destination that offers approximately 255,000 sq. ft. of Class A retail space in the 180-acre master plan Crown community. With unique-to-market restaurants, shops, and services, Downtown Crown is not only a regional draw, but is the local destination for the more than 2,200 residential units that are already under construction. With prices from the mid $500,000s up to $1.5 million, these upscale offerings represent the highest level of living in Gaithersburg, and are within walking distance of the impeccable retail and restaurants of Downtown Crown. Downtown Crown’s prestigious existing lineup, along with fabulous future additions will make this area the most coveted 24/7 live-work-play community in the urban heart of Montgomery County."}
{"id": "doc713", "text": "As a part of PREIT’s ongoing initiative to recast its anchor mix to further diversify and enhance the shopper experience, the company opened a 90,000-sq.-ft. Dick’s Sporting Goods/Field & Stream combination store and a 23,000-sq.-ft. HomeGoods within the space formerly occupied by Sears and proactively recaptured by PREIT. Within 14 months of Sears’ closing, the opening of these popular new retailers demonstrates PREIT’s proficiency in identifying and securing quality and high-performing replacement anchors. This transformational redevelopment project represented Phase II of Viewmont Mall’s evolution, which saw the introduction of multiple unique-to-market retailers including Ulta, Forever 21, and Buffalo Wild Wings, thus solidifying the property’s already dominant position in the Scranton market."}
{"id": "doc714", "text": "At the regional level, the center benefits from Raynham’s proximity to both Boston and Providence (each 20 to 30 miles away). Locally, the center is well-positioned near Route 24 along Raynham’s main commercial thoroughfare (New State Highway) and benefits from exposure to more than 26,500 vehicles passing by each day. The center has recently completed façade improvements and upgraded signage that will allow retailers to attract additional shoppers."}
{"id": "doc715", "text": "Saks wasn’t there. Nor were Zara, H&M, or Tiffany. But SpongeBob, Dora the Explorer, and the Teenage Mutant Turtles were, and that seemed to be alright with the first 2,500 guests at American Dream, New Jersey’s answer to the Mall of America."}
{"id": "doc716", "text": "In the first of four “Chapters” of the opening of the 3 million-sq.-ft. plus mega-center in The Meadowlands, the Nickelodeon Universe theme park and an NHL-size ice skating rink were the lone characters. The long-awaited property’s story began with a parade led by the Clifton (N.J.) Mustang Marching Band and Nickelodeon’s star players. "}
{"id": "doc717", "text": "The $39.99 general access and $49.00 all access tickets were sold out for the October 25 event and through November 7, according to Triple Five, the Ghermezian family-owned development company that also owns and operates Mall of America and The Edmonton Mall."}
{"id": "doc718", "text": "New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy and American Dream chief creative officer Ken Downing joined Don Ghermezian, CEO of the complex (pictured above) in greeting the opening day crowd. "}
{"id": "doc719", "text": "The phased opening of American Dream will continue this year with the November 27 opening of the Dreamworks Water Park and the December 5 debut of the Big Snow indoor ski slope."}
{"id": "doc720", "text": "Traditional retail activity won’t kick off at American Dream until March, when some 350 stores are slated to open. Tenants will range from fast-fashion favorites like Uniqlo and Primark to luxury brands such as Hermès, Dolce & Gabbana, and Saint Laurent."}
{"id": "doc721", "text": "Bloomingdale’s has officially opened the doors to its new location in Norwalk, Connecticut."}
{"id": "doc722", "text": "Located at the newly opened SoNo Collection shopping center, the full-line store is Bloomingdale’s first new store since it opened in Honolulu, Hawaii in 2015. It also is Connecticut’s exclusive Bloomingdale’s location. The three-level, 150,000-sq.-ft. store features  a curated assortment of designers, along with extensive beauty and wellness offerings (including two spa rooms) and a spacious home department. The interior design is fashioned in the brand’s iconic black and white checkerboard which is paired with concrete tiles and accented with decorative tiles to create a welcoming and upbeat atmosphere. Seating areas are mixed in throughout the space for shoppers to unwind or catch up with a friend."}
{"id": "doc723", "text": "The new Bloomingdale’s includes the retailer’s rotating themed pop-up concept, The Carousel @ Bloomingdale’s. The current installation, called Gift Hub, is being done in partnership with Google Nest. It houses an assortment of tech and entertaining essentials."}
{"id": "doc724", "text": "The Norwalk store offers Bloomingdale’s signature services. Shoppers can make an appointment with a fashion stylist on the second floor or home stylist on the third floor. There’s also a home styling studio where customers can lay out fabrics and samples for a more personal approach. Additional services include on-site alterations, a personal shopper, a buy-online-pickup-in- store station and more."}
{"id": "doc725", "text": "“We’re excited to be expanding the Bloomingdale’s brand and opening our new Norwalk store,” said Tony Spring, chairman and chief executive officer of Bloomingdale’s. “Connecticut is home to a wonderful community of Bloomingdale’s shoppers and this store was built specifically with them in mind.”"}
{"id": "doc726", "text": "J.C. Penney is trimming its store portfolio, but not by much."}
{"id": "doc727", "text": "The department store retailer plans to shutter six stores by April 24, along with a call center in Lenexa, Kansas. The closings, which were first reported by USA Today, will leave Penney with approximately 850 stores nationwide. "}
{"id": "doc728", "text": "The stores scheduled to close are:•    Southgate Mall, Missoula, Montana•    Myrtle Beach Mall, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina •    Chapel Hill Mall, Akron, Ohio•    North Hills Shopping Center, Raleigh, North Carolina •    Tulsa Promenade, Tulsa, Oklahoma•    Green Acres Mall, Valley Stream, New York"}
{"id": "doc729", "text": "“This decision is the result of a careful and ongoing review of our store portfolio, a Penney spokesperson said. "}
{"id": "doc730", "text": "Last year, the retailer said it would close18 full-line stores and nine home and furniture stores."}
{"id": "doc731", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc732", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc733", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc734", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc735", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc736", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc737", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc738", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc739", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc740", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc741", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc742", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc743", "text": "One of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield’s signature California properties will be getting a new grand entrance and a chef-driven food hall where its Sears store once stood."}
{"id": "doc744", "text": "Westfield Topanga & The Village will begin renovation of the 160,000-sq.-ft. space this month. A triple-height entryway fronted by a landscaped green space will give the property a new presence with frontage on the corner of Topanga Canyon Boulevard and Victory Boulevard. "}
{"id": "doc745", "text": "Set to open in 2021, the entertainment district will include leading national food and beverage concepts, as well as sit-down restaurants and cocktail bars, entertainment and recreational activities."}
{"id": "doc746", "text": "“We could not be more excited to finally unlock the full potential of this space,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for URW. “For residents across the San Fernando Valley and wider L.A. region, the chance to enjoy world-class dining and social entertainment experiences without having to travel far from home will be a game-changer.”"}
{"id": "doc747", "text": "URW last year completed an interior renovation of Westfield Topanga that featured new tile floors, dark walnut paneling, brand new restrooms, and the integration of a new digital infrastructure. "}
{"id": "doc748", "text": "The company also plans to implement a $1.5 billion makeover of the adjacent 34-acre Promenade property that will transform the existing closed shopping center into a walkable, live-work-play downtown community."}
{"id": "doc749", "text": "Elysium Health is making the leap to brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc750", "text": "The digitally native health-and-wellness brand will open its first physical store this summer, at Westfield World Trade Center in lower Manhattan."}
{"id": "doc751", "text": "Elysium Health, a life sciences company that develops health products based on advancements in scientific research, launched online in 2015. Its upcoming store will feature the brand’s cellular health supplement Basis, its biological age test Index and new products scheduled to be released in 2020. It will also offer interactive and educational experiences."}
{"id": "doc752", "text": "“As a digitally native brand, we always intended that the customer experience would grow to include a physical retail presence, but it was important that it bring to life a core tenet of Elysium Health – to make science accessible to everyone – in an experiential way,” said Elysium Health CEO Eric Marcotulli."}
{"id": "doc753", "text": "“Westfield World Trade Center has developed a concerted strategy to respond to and build upon the rapidly growing momentum of today’s health-and-wellness movement,” said Dennis Marnick, senior VP, leasing, Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield. "}
{"id": "doc754", "text": "Elysium Health joins Gloveworx, Duane Reade, and Rituals as part of Westfield World Trade Center’s overall health-and-wellness offering to lower Manhattan. "}
{"id": "doc755", "text": "Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield has completed a $20 million renovation of its Valencia Town Center property. "}
{"id": "doc756", "text": "Located in Santa Clarita Valley, just north of Los Angeles, the posh shopping center has enhanced the customer experience with new flooring, lighting, landscaping and furniture throughout, a second family lounge area, upgraded restrooms, and a renovated food court. Enhancements have also been made to the entry at Town Center Drive, including a new façade and awnings."}
{"id": "doc757", "text": "The upgrade now seamlessly connects the center to its outdoor shopping districts, The Patios and Town Center Drive."}
{"id": "doc758", "text": "“We began the interior renovations in the first quarter of 2019 with the goal of modernizing Valencia Town Center by elevating the destination’s ambience,” said Corrine Barchanowicz, senior general manager of Westfield Valencia Town Center."}
{"id": "doc759", "text": "The renovations have attracted new tenant including Miniso, Salon Republic, L’Occitane en Provence and Lovisa Jewelry. First-to-market restaurant brands, Slater’s 50/50 and Hokkaido Ramen Santouka, are scheduled to open in the winter."}
{"id": "doc760", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc761", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc762", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc763", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc764", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc765", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc766", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc767", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc768", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc769", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc770", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc771", "text": "Every retailer is developing strategies to compete with Amazon, but another rival lurks in the background."}
{"id": "doc772", "text": "In the late ‘90s and early ‘00s, conventional wisdom held that every retailer was in competition with Walmart. The discount giant sold every product, could beat anyone on price, and operated with ruthless efficiency. Walmart’s entry into e-commerce in 2000 was an important signifier that online sales were here to stay. "}
{"id": "doc773", "text": "Since that time, Amazon has taken Walmart’s place as the omnipresent retailer who can undercut any price on any product. Amazon’s entry into the brick-and-mortar space in 2015 signified that physical stores are here to stay. Walmart has hardly disappeared, but generally trails Amazon in discussions of what company poses the most threat to its fellow retailers."}
{"id": "doc774", "text": "This view is shortsighted. Retailers should see Walmart as equally, and possibly more, challenging than Amazon. Here are three factors that position Walmart to steal market share from anyone, including Amazon."}
{"id": "doc775", "text": "StoresHaving opened its first local five-and-dime store in Arkansas in 1962, Walmart now operates over 5,000 locations across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Amazon operates about 10% of that total, of which more than three-quarters are Whole Foods stores it purchased in 2017."}
{"id": "doc776", "text": "Amazon will likely operate thousands of brick-and-mortar stores, mostly under its own banner, within a few years. But it will still have decades of catching up to do with Walmart in terms of understanding how to fulfill, staff and merchandise them. As brick-and-mortar stores become more crucial to e-commerce, Walmart’s dominance in the physical space should only grow as an advantage. "}
{"id": "doc777", "text": "VR trainingWalmart is taking a leading-edge approach to store associate training with virtual reality (VR) technology. To safely recreate high-pressure store scenarios, Walmart employs Oculus Go VR headsets for onsite training and Oculus Rift VR headsets for training at its 200 regional employee academies. Employees view VR videos filmed in actual Walmart stores that recreate a wide variety of real-life events they will likely encounter. "}
{"id": "doc778", "text": "As a result, Walmart can deliver highly realistic, interactive training content across the organization in an efficient, streamlined manner. This helps ensure that customers visiting brick-and-mortar stores, including online shoppers picking up their orders, receive courteous service in a clean, safe environment."}
{"id": "doc779", "text": "In-house disruptionAmazon is an established leader in developing proprietary technology that improves operational efficiency and omnichannel customer experience. However, Walmart is also one of the biggest technology innovators in the industry."}
{"id": "doc780", "text": "Walmart’s Store No. 8 tech incubator has produced a number of disruptive innovations, such as the recently shuttered Jet black, a text-based, personalized shopping service. The discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to place text orders and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc781", "text": "In addition, Walmart gleans valuable real-life insights from Store No. 8’s “Intelligent Retail Lab,” or IRL. The 50,000-sq.-ft. store is set up to gather information through an array of sensors, cameras and processors. Initially, Walmart is using the IRL to test how real-time information provided by AI-based store systems can inform associates more precisely when to restock products."}
{"id": "doc782", "text": "Just in time for Valentine’s Day, here is some adoration for a few emerging technologies poised to transform retail."}
{"id": "doc783", "text": "The technology trends – virtual cosmetics try-on, micro-fulfillment, and mobile training, span different areas of the enterprise. What they share is a focus on leveraging the latest capabilities of IT to help ensure operational efficiency and superior customer experience. What’s not to love?"}
{"id": "doc784", "text": "Virtual cosmetics try-onHow could we not begin this special Valentine’s Day edition of the Retail Insights blog by pronouncing affection for the burgeoning trend of providing cosmetics try-on with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR)? Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing enhanced reality tools to provide customers a realistically simulated view of how cosmetics products would look on them."}
{"id": "doc785", "text": "Retailers as varied as Amazon, Macy’s, Ulta Beauty, Pinterest, Sally Beauty, Priv, and MAC Cosmetics are all leveraging AR to enable virtual cosmetics try-on. These tools can be offered via mobile app, PC, tablet, or in-store kiosk."}
{"id": "doc786", "text": "The same cosmetics product can look completely different depending on who is wearing it. The small size of cosmetics items makes them ideal for online purchase and shipment, and physically trying them on can be messy and time-consuming. Virtual try-on resolves all these issues in a quick, convenient way using state-of-the-art technology. Enough to warm this tech editor’s heart."}
{"id": "doc787", "text": "Micro-fulfillmentMicro-fulfillment technology automates picking and packing, using robotic systems to efficiently locate and retrieve products stored in a space too compact for human workers. It has mostly been used by grocery retailers seeking to streamline click-and-collect order fulfillment, although Hointer pioneered a version of the concept at denim stores in the early 2010s."}
{"id": "doc788", "text": "Walmart is piloting a proprietary system called Alphabot which fulfills click-and-collect orders using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items inside a 20,000-sq.-ft., warehouse-style space. Albertsons and Loblaw are running similar pilots supported by a third-party fulfillment solution, while Kroger is building 20 automated “customer fulfillment centers” to enable fast, accurate delivery and in-store execution of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc789", "text": "Micro-fulfillment enables effective, hyperlocalized fulfillment of online orders at store level without overtaxing store inventory or associates. That should be sweet music to any omnichannel retailer’s ears."}
{"id": "doc790", "text": "Mobile trainingSince almost all retail associates now own smartphones, conducting training via mobile app is an effective way to streamline content delivery in an easily digested format. In addition, it gives retailers the opportunity to cut training costs by using a bring your own device (BYOD) strategy."}
{"id": "doc791", "text": "For specialty athletic retailer Evo, mobile training provided a means of reducing the cost of quickly and accurately training seasonal warehouse workers. The company deployed a mobile VR solution that offered a virtual training experience that could scale for groups of any size and help new employees establish core competencies. "}
{"id": "doc792", "text": "Meanwhile, Foot Locker trains permanent staff with a mobile training app called LaceUp, powered by Axonify, that enables the retailer to monitor which employees have engaged with training programs. The company also collects employee feedback on its mobile training efforts through channels including social media."}
{"id": "doc793", "text": "And McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” which is designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Nothing says “I care about you” like a convenient, technologically-enabled training program."}
{"id": "doc794", "text": "Meijer is supporting same-day pickup and delivery with microfulfillment technology."}
{"id": "doc795", "text": "The Midwest discounter is implementing the Dematic microfulfillment solution, which is designed to help retailers address consumer demand for rapid online order fulfillment in a small footprint. Leveraging the Dematic solution, Meijer seeks to optimize the picking of goods in-store or from nearby fulfillment centers for delivery or customer pickup of online orders.  "}
{"id": "doc796", "text": "The software provides seamless integration with inventory management, warehouse and ERP systems so that all stores, distribution centers and corporate offices are networked on the same platform. The Dematic solution is designed to be implemented close to the end consumer and is configured to fit into footprints as small as 10,000 sq. ft., such as in the back of a retail store."}
{"id": "doc797", "text": "“Were driven to make shopping at Meijer easy and convenient, so micro-fulfilment is another way our company is leaning into the future of retail,” said Sid Handa, director of strategic supply chain initiatives for Meijer. “This micro-fulfillment technology will allow us to maximize space in our stores, help us expand our online shopping options and ultimately keep pace with consumer demand for personalized shopping solutions that puts their shopping preferences first.”"}
{"id": "doc798", "text": "Meijer offers its omnichannel fulfillment service, called Meijer Pickup, which is available at 227 stores in six states. Customers can order online, keep track of their total basket, note any preferences, choose between pickup and delivery, as well as a preferred delivery window. Customers receive a text from their personalized shopper when they begin creating the order, and are contacted when the order is ready to be delivered or picked up. All home delivery and pickup orders are fulfilled by Shipt. There are 80,000 items available through the service, according to the company."}
{"id": "doc799", "text": "This year, the annual National Retail Federation’s Big Show is titled “2020 Vision,” and there will be some important developments to see."}
{"id": "doc800", "text": "The show always sets the tone for the upcoming year in retail technology. The buzz on the exhibit floor gives you a good sense of the tech-related conversations retailers will be having over the next 12 months. While hindsight is always 20/20 (pun intended), here are three emerging industry tech trends I expect to play a prominent role at this year’s conference."}
{"id": "doc801", "text": "The store of the presentThe “store of the future” is a perennial topic of conversation at the Big Show. However, with rapid advancements in technologies enabling a frictionless, immediate brick-and-mortar shopping experience, we are really now talking about the “store of the present.” "}
{"id": "doc802", "text": "Store of the present technologies include solutions that permit customers to walk into a store, grab the items they need off the shelves, and walk out instant or near-instant payment. Computer vision, image recognition, automated shelf sensors, mobile shopping and payment apps, and barcode and QR code scanners can all pay a role in the evolving, consumer-directed brick-and-mortar experience."}
{"id": "doc803", "text": "However, the store of the present also encompasses technologies such as smart lockers and shelves for automated pickup of online and mobile orders, as well as apps and solutions which provide customers with enhanced access to product information or “endless aisle” inventory."}
{"id": "doc804", "text": "I, robotRobots have been a standard attraction on the NRF exhibit floor for a number of years. But retail robots are evolving from cute customer service androids that primarily serve as promotional tools to smart machines that can automate critical workflows across the enterprise."}
{"id": "doc805", "text": "NRF attendees should expect to see demos of robots that can augment (or even replace) human employees in performance of tasks such as shelf stocking and replenishment, store inventory counting, order fulfillment, cleaning and maintenance, warehouse management, and delivery (more on that in a moment). Most retail robots will not look like something out of “Star Wars,” but will be helping shape industry evolution long after the Skywalker saga has fallen from the public consciousness. "}
{"id": "doc806", "text": "Get it to me (almost) yesterdayAs Amazon and Walmart begin shifting their standard delivery time toward one- or even same-day fulfillment, other retailers will have no choice but to follow. Since most retailers do not have the type of coast-to-coast fulfillment infrastructure enjoyed by these two titans, they need to implement third-party solutions to help close the delivery gap."}
{"id": "doc807", "text": "Attendees will most likely already have familiarity with highly-publicized delivery automation solutions like drones, self-driving cars, and wheeled robots. Other applications designed to streamline delivery workflows, such as scan-based picking and packing solutions, automated track and trace systems, and real-time smart navigation tools, should be on prominent display."}
{"id": "doc808", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc809", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc810", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc811", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc812", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc813", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc814", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc815", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc816", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc817", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc818", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc819", "text": "Every retailer is developing strategies to compete with Amazon, but another rival lurks in the background."}
{"id": "doc820", "text": "In the late ‘90s and early ‘00s, conventional wisdom held that every retailer was in competition with Walmart. The discount giant sold every product, could beat anyone on price, and operated with ruthless efficiency. Walmart’s entry into e-commerce in 2000 was an important signifier that online sales were here to stay. "}
{"id": "doc821", "text": "Since that time, Amazon has taken Walmart’s place as the omnipresent retailer who can undercut any price on any product. Amazon’s entry into the brick-and-mortar space in 2015 signified that physical stores are here to stay. Walmart has hardly disappeared, but generally trails Amazon in discussions of what company poses the most threat to its fellow retailers."}
{"id": "doc822", "text": "This view is shortsighted. Retailers should see Walmart as equally, and possibly more, challenging than Amazon. Here are three factors that position Walmart to steal market share from anyone, including Amazon."}
{"id": "doc823", "text": "StoresHaving opened its first local five-and-dime store in Arkansas in 1962, Walmart now operates over 5,000 locations across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Amazon operates about 10% of that total, of which more than three-quarters are Whole Foods stores it purchased in 2017."}
{"id": "doc824", "text": "Amazon will likely operate thousands of brick-and-mortar stores, mostly under its own banner, within a few years. But it will still have decades of catching up to do with Walmart in terms of understanding how to fulfill, staff and merchandise them. As brick-and-mortar stores become more crucial to e-commerce, Walmart’s dominance in the physical space should only grow as an advantage. "}
{"id": "doc825", "text": "VR trainingWalmart is taking a leading-edge approach to store associate training with virtual reality (VR) technology. To safely recreate high-pressure store scenarios, Walmart employs Oculus Go VR headsets for onsite training and Oculus Rift VR headsets for training at its 200 regional employee academies. Employees view VR videos filmed in actual Walmart stores that recreate a wide variety of real-life events they will likely encounter. "}
{"id": "doc826", "text": "As a result, Walmart can deliver highly realistic, interactive training content across the organization in an efficient, streamlined manner. This helps ensure that customers visiting brick-and-mortar stores, including online shoppers picking up their orders, receive courteous service in a clean, safe environment."}
{"id": "doc827", "text": "In-house disruptionAmazon is an established leader in developing proprietary technology that improves operational efficiency and omnichannel customer experience. However, Walmart is also one of the biggest technology innovators in the industry."}
{"id": "doc828", "text": "Walmart’s Store No. 8 tech incubator has produced a number of disruptive innovations, such as the recently shuttered Jet black, a text-based, personalized shopping service. The discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to place text orders and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc829", "text": "In addition, Walmart gleans valuable real-life insights from Store No. 8’s “Intelligent Retail Lab,” or IRL. The 50,000-sq.-ft. store is set up to gather information through an array of sensors, cameras and processors. Initially, Walmart is using the IRL to test how real-time information provided by AI-based store systems can inform associates more precisely when to restock products."}
{"id": "doc830", "text": "Just in time for Valentine’s Day, here is some adoration for a few emerging technologies poised to transform retail."}
{"id": "doc831", "text": "The technology trends – virtual cosmetics try-on, micro-fulfillment, and mobile training, span different areas of the enterprise. What they share is a focus on leveraging the latest capabilities of IT to help ensure operational efficiency and superior customer experience. What’s not to love?"}
{"id": "doc832", "text": "Virtual cosmetics try-onHow could we not begin this special Valentine’s Day edition of the Retail Insights blog by pronouncing affection for the burgeoning trend of providing cosmetics try-on with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR)? Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing enhanced reality tools to provide customers a realistically simulated view of how cosmetics products would look on them."}
{"id": "doc833", "text": "Retailers as varied as Amazon, Macy’s, Ulta Beauty, Pinterest, Sally Beauty, Priv, and MAC Cosmetics are all leveraging AR to enable virtual cosmetics try-on. These tools can be offered via mobile app, PC, tablet, or in-store kiosk."}
{"id": "doc834", "text": "The same cosmetics product can look completely different depending on who is wearing it. The small size of cosmetics items makes them ideal for online purchase and shipment, and physically trying them on can be messy and time-consuming. Virtual try-on resolves all these issues in a quick, convenient way using state-of-the-art technology. Enough to warm this tech editor’s heart."}
{"id": "doc835", "text": "Micro-fulfillmentMicro-fulfillment technology automates picking and packing, using robotic systems to efficiently locate and retrieve products stored in a space too compact for human workers. It has mostly been used by grocery retailers seeking to streamline click-and-collect order fulfillment, although Hointer pioneered a version of the concept at denim stores in the early 2010s."}
{"id": "doc836", "text": "Walmart is piloting a proprietary system called Alphabot which fulfills click-and-collect orders using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items inside a 20,000-sq.-ft., warehouse-style space. Albertsons and Loblaw are running similar pilots supported by a third-party fulfillment solution, while Kroger is building 20 automated “customer fulfillment centers” to enable fast, accurate delivery and in-store execution of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc837", "text": "Micro-fulfillment enables effective, hyperlocalized fulfillment of online orders at store level without overtaxing store inventory or associates. That should be sweet music to any omnichannel retailer’s ears."}
{"id": "doc838", "text": "Mobile trainingSince almost all retail associates now own smartphones, conducting training via mobile app is an effective way to streamline content delivery in an easily digested format. In addition, it gives retailers the opportunity to cut training costs by using a bring your own device (BYOD) strategy."}
{"id": "doc839", "text": "For specialty athletic retailer Evo, mobile training provided a means of reducing the cost of quickly and accurately training seasonal warehouse workers. The company deployed a mobile VR solution that offered a virtual training experience that could scale for groups of any size and help new employees establish core competencies. "}
{"id": "doc840", "text": "Meanwhile, Foot Locker trains permanent staff with a mobile training app called LaceUp, powered by Axonify, that enables the retailer to monitor which employees have engaged with training programs. The company also collects employee feedback on its mobile training efforts through channels including social media."}
{"id": "doc841", "text": "And McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” which is designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Nothing says “I care about you” like a convenient, technologically-enabled training program."}
{"id": "doc842", "text": "Amazon is reportedly developing a grocery store that will feature cashiers in a Chicago suburb."}
{"id": "doc843", "text": "According to the Chicago Tribune, Amazon has filed for a Class D liquor license to sell goods at a site in Naperville, Ill., that once housed a Dominick’s grocery store. Renovations have reportedly been ongoing at the more than 30,000-sq.-ft- site, which also contains an operational L.A. Fitness location. "}
{"id": "doc844", "text": "In addition, Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico confirmed to the Tribune that Amazon is opening a grocery store at the site, although Amazon declined to comment. There has been no announcement or confirmation of when a store will open there or what its name will be. Previously, Amazon said that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc845", "text": "Amazon is also reported to be developing a roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. brick-and-mortar grocery store in Woodland Hills, Calif. Although this store is also expected to feature conventional checkout lanes, Hngry reports it will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. It is not clear whether the Naperville location will include microfulfillment."}
{"id": "doc846", "text": "Amazon is simultaneously developing two separate grocery formats. The retailer recently opened its first Amazon Go Grocery store, which features a cashierless “Just Walk Out” shopping model, in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc847", "text": "Amazon has expanded its checkout-free, convenience store-styled Amazon Go format to the grocery space."}
{"id": "doc848", "text": "The online giant continues to disrupt the grocery industry with the unveiling of its first checkout-free grocery store, Amazon Go Grocery, which debuted on Tuesday, in the company’s Seattle hometown. (To see a video on the new format, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc849", "text": "The store is modeled on — and uses the same technology as — Amazon Go but on a  bigger scale. It features a larger footprint (10,400 sq. feet overall, with 7,700 sq. ft. in front of house)compared to Amazon Go stores, which range from 450 sq. ft. to 2,700 sq. ft. front of house) and a much wider assortment of product, with about 5,000 unique items."}
{"id": "doc850", "text": "The selection at Amazon Go Grocery includes fresh produce, meat, seafood, baked goods, pet supplies and grocery and household essentials as well ready-made dinner options (signed as “Meals Made Easy”) and alcoholic beverages. A mix of organic items and conventional items from familiar brands are featured, along with local favorites from around the city and region. Every item is priced individually, which means that nothing has to be weighed. There is no meat or seafood counter and no on-site food preparation. But there are self-serve coffee and espresso stations. "}
{"id": "doc851", "text": "In many ways, Amazon Go Grocery resembles the smaller-sized, neighborhood grocery stores that supermarket companies have been opening in urban centers. But it stands apart in its use of technology."}
{"id": "doc852", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery uses the same “Just Walk Out” cashierless technology as Amazon Go, which opened its first store in January 2018 and now has 25 locations. "}
{"id": "doc853", "text": "Customers must first download the Amazon Go app and then scan the QR code from the app on a turnstile at the store’s entry to enter. Once inside, they shop the same as they would at a conventional grocers."}
{"id": "doc854", "text": "Overhead cameras and shelf sensors, assisted by artificial intelligence, track every item a shopper takes and automatically adds it to the shopper’s virtual cart (if an item is put back, it is automatically removed from the cart). Once the shoppers exits the store, their Amazon account is charged and they are sent a receipt. "}
{"id": "doc855", "text": "Amazon’s interest in expanding further into grocery extends beyond its newest format (and beyond Whole Foods Market). In November, the company listed job openings for a grocery store concept that is expected s to open next year, in Los Angeles. It is reported to be the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores."}
{"id": "doc856", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc857", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc858", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc859", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc860", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc861", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc862", "text": "Wayfair ends its fiscal year on a downbeat note, proving once again that it is incapable of operating its business profitably. "}
{"id": "doc863", "text": "In the final quarter, the company had a net loss of $330 million, bringing the total loss for the year to an eye-watering $985 million – just shy of the billion-dollar mark. In our view, this is quite extraordinary, especially as it means losses have almost doubled since the prior year. The issue we have with Wayfair is that there is no clear path to profitability. That the company has a $1.5 billion long-term debt pile which costs it about $54 million a year in interest is bad enough. But on top of this, its operating metrics are incredibly weak and do not even hint at the business being sustainable. Taking out advertising costs, at operating level Wayfair made a $5.4 million operating profit this quarter; nowhere near enough to cover the interest payment on its debts."}
{"id": "doc864", "text": "However, the situation is worse than this because of the amount Wayfair spends on advertising. This quarter advertising expense came to $310.9 million, bringing the total spend for the year to $1.1 billion. This exceptional level of cost puts an enormous hole in profits at operating level and means Wayfair is deeply unprofitable."}
{"id": "doc865", "text": "The math behind this all makes for unattractive reading: "}
{"id": "doc866", "text": "Basically, even without advertising, Wayfair’s model generates no profit; with advertising it is plunged into the red. And spending $28 on advertising per order, which amounts to over 12% of the order value is, in our opinion, absurd. Wayfair now seems to recognize that it needs to square the circle which is one of the reasons it recently announced it was laying off 550 employees or 3% of its global workforce. However, as well-intentioned as this move is, we do not believe it will push Wayfair into the black. The problem isn’t that staffing costs are too high per se. The problem is that the whole business model is built on unsound foundations. Even more worrying is the fact that there is now a clear trend of slowing growth. Admittedly, Wayfair is still very impressive at generating revenue and is growing at a pace that would be the envy of most retailers, however, with advertising costs rising and losses mounting it would be reasonable to expect the pace of sales growth to at least be maintained. That this isn’t the case will exert further pressure on the bottom line. Should there be a more serious downturn in demand from either a recession or an escalated coronavirus crisis, we believe the impact could be catastrophic for Wayfair. No one denies the necessity of advertising and marketing to attract customers, especially for a category that is infrequently purchased. Equally, no one would deny that online furnishings is a hard business with relatively thin margins. However, others have made it work. Sadly, Wayfair has not. And it does not appear that it will do so any time soon. "}
{"id": "doc867", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc868", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc869", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc870", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc871", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc872", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc873", "text": "Sixty-nine percent of consumers believe a good in-store experience is important, according to the “State of Consumer Behavior Report” by Raydiant. "}
{"id": "doc874", "text": "This means that unless retailers intend on serving the 31% of consumers who don’t care about the in-store experience, they cannot thrive in 2020 without great in-store experiences. In an era where consumers can buy everything from toothpaste to a car with the click of a button, retail stores must offer value beyond the products on the shelves. "}
{"id": "doc875", "text": "Low prices can get people in the door, but no one wants to win a race to the bottom on price. Razor-thin margins eventually come back to haunt the companies that create them.By developing better in-store experiences, retailers can build a thriving culture as they delight all the customers who come through their doors. Only at brick-and-mortar locations can retailers leverage physical interactions to foster a sense of ownership and brand affinity. Today’s consumers prefer to buy from companies that take relationships beyond transactional. To build those relationships, retailers must start with experiences. "}
{"id": "doc876", "text": "Better in-store experiences in the wildPlenty of retailers have shifted their focus to in-store experiences and found immediate success. Tiffany and Co., for example, opened its Style Studio in London in 2018, where customers could get their hands on more accessibly priced Tiffany products. "}
{"id": "doc877", "text": "The Style Studio became an instant hit. Not only could customers shop products they could afford, but they could also enjoy interactive experiences as they shopped. Vending machines with perfume and a jewelry engraving bar provided plenty of social media-worthy moments. "}
{"id": "doc878", "text": "The experiences of customers at the Style Studio reflect the expectations of consumers around the world. People understand that retail has changed, and they no longer visit stores for the same reasons as they did in the past. Today’s audiences want experiences that are educational, entertaining, and worth remembering. "}
{"id": "doc879", "text": "Not every store needs to drop thousands of dollars on custom equipment to make an impression, though. One Ikea store in the U.K found out that people shared a dream of sleeping in the store’s showroom, so Ikea invited 100 people to spend the night, no fancy equipment necessary."}
{"id": "doc880", "text": "For retailers looking for something a little more practical, small tweaks can make a big difference. If you don’t want to host a sleepover and can’t afford to drop $50,000 on custom equipment, try the following tips to give your customers a better in-store experience. "}
{"id": "doc881", "text": "1. Appeal to all the sensesPhysical locations have opportunities to create multisensory experiences that e-commerce options can’t match. Instead of relying solely on ads or music, design experiences that get customers more involved. "}
{"id": "doc882", "text": "Let people try free samples or smell different fragrances. Take a few products out of their boxes to let customers get hands-on experience. Not only do deeper experiences make customers happy, but increased engagement with products can also lead to feelings of ownership, which in turn lead to more sales."}
{"id": "doc883", "text": "2. Turn the buyers into the makers.People buy products all the time. How many get the chance to make something themselves, though? Offer personalization and customization services like engraving to turn a quick purchase into a more engaging experience."}
{"id": "doc884", "text": "If it makes sense for the product, invite people to attend a class or event. Teach people how to make jewelry, how to get the most from their new sound systems, or how to maintain their bicycles. People who get a say in the style of their purchases before they buy are far more likely to come back to the brand behind the experience."}
{"id": "doc885", "text": "3. Give regulars a reason to keep coming back The Pareto Principle, which states that 80% of results come from only 20% of causes, applies strongly to retail sales. Loyalists who make repeat purchases and who advocate for the brand are far more valuable than people who only buy something every once in a while. Businesses that incentivize in-store visits from loyalists can enjoy dramatic boosts in repeat sales."}
{"id": "doc886", "text": "Think about what drew the best customers to the brand in the first place. What does this store do better than anyone else? Why would someone who knows a lot about this industry prefer this brand? Leverage that information into service design and experiences that reinforce loyalist feelings — and encourage those loyalists to recruit their friends into the fold. "}
{"id": "doc887", "text": "4. Integrate the digital and the physical. Marketers love to talk about “omnichannel” funnels. In retail, omnichannel strategies account for the fact that customers never fully disconnect from the online world. Instead of fighting that inevitability, embrace it by incorporating digital experience boosters in physical stores. "}
{"id": "doc888", "text": "Possibilities for digital integration vary widely from one vertical to another. A makeup chain could get a location-specific filter for Snapchat and ask users to submit selfies into a contest. A motor sports outlet could use VR to let riders get a better feel for potential bikes. Digital signage throughout the store can immerse visitors in a completely blended experience, helping visits evolve beyond the transactional."}
{"id": "doc889", "text": "What will the in-store experiences of the future look like, and which brands will own the most successful ones? Retail won’t disappear any time soon. The best brands will use this opportunity to understand what customers want and design experiences that turn everyday visitors into diehard brand fanatics."}
{"id": "doc890", "text": "Bobby Marhamat is the CEO of Raydiant Screen Signage."}
{"id": "doc891", "text": "With a 4.3% decline in total revenue and a 3.9% dip in comparable sales, the latest set of numbers from Macy’s suggests that there are more nightmares than miracles on 34th Street. As well as the disastrous top-line numbers, the bottom line has also taken a beating with net income down by almost 97%. Indeed, Macy’s only just managed to stay in the black with a meager profit of $2 million.  The decline itself does not come as any great surprise. For the past three quarters, Macy’s has been bumping along the bottom with comparable sales growth never exceeding 1%. It is also lapping a tougher prior year comparative when sales rose by 3.1% thanks to the mini consumer boom. Even so, the severity of the dip is a surprise and it shows that Macy’s is in a bad position as we enter the holiday season and the potentially slower consumer retail economy that lies beyond. In our view, Macy’s failure on the sales line comes back to one central problem: the products it sells and the environments in which it sells them are not aligned with what consumers want. Admittedly, some steps have been taken to remedy this – such as the refurbishment of the menswear department at its New York flagship, the addition of concepts like Story to a handful of stores, and the focus on Growth 150 shops – but these things are drops in the ocean when set against the entirety of Macy’s business. They are not going to quickly move the needle in any meaningful way. Outside of the stores Macy’s has tried to improve, there are a host of other shops that remain plain dismal, down-at-heel and uninspiring. They are hard to navigate and do not meet the needs of the modern consumer in terms of the services or offer they present. It is those stores, some of which are in failing malls but others of which are in relatively successful locations, that are dragging Macy’s down. Even a few simple cosmetic changes would help, but Macy’s seems to be inert when it comes to doing anything about reviving its estate. On top of this, we believe that even the better stores fail to live up to their potential because the assortment in them is very hit and miss. Macy’s should have been spending the past few years developing compelling own-brand assortments across apparel, home and beauty – rather like Target has been done. This would have bolstered margins and helped to differentiate Macy’s. "}
{"id": "doc892", "text": "However, virtually no serious effort has been made on this front and the result is that Macy’s continues to trade with a jumble of products some of which are good, but many of which do not align with consumer demand. This mismatch is one of the reasons why discounting was so heavy this quarter, with a consequent negative impact on margins and the bottom line. As poor as current results are, the bigger concern is that they signal Macy’s is unprepared for any potential consumer slowdown. The trading environment was a little softer this quarter but, as Target, Walmart and others have shown, that is no barrier to securing growth. However, this underlines that as conditions tighten, more of the spoils go to those executing well and that those without compelling propositions lose out. Macy’s is in the latter camp and we expect much more customer attrition in 2020. We are a little more optimistic about the holiday quarter, mostly because Macy’s will be lapping very soft prior year numbers. However, we do not expect the chain to be a big winner. The holiday magic that drives sales was lost a long time ago, and Macy’s has consistently shown a lack of interest and willingness in reviving it."}
{"id": "doc893", "text": "There is no doubt that Target’s holiday revenue has missed the mark. The 1.4% uplift in comparable sales represents some progress, but it is a long way below expectations and is a sharp deterioration on the third quarter when comparables grew by 4.5%. While not a cause for celebration, neither are the results dire. The increase comes off the back of very strong 5.7% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. Moreover, across most of Target’s assortment performance continues to be strong. Comparable sales in apparel rose by 5%, beauty by 7%, and food by 3%. In the first two categories, Target is taking market share; in food it is maintaining share. Unfortunately, several key holiday categories did not play ball. Home sales fell by 1% in comparable terms, toy sales were flat, and electronics dropped by over 6%. Given the volume and significance of all these areas over the holidays, the lack of traction had a disproportionate impact on the overall number. The results in electronics and home are particularly disappointing and, in our view, there are several factors at play here. Some of the softness relates to the later timing of Black Friday, which came much nearer Christmas and it is likely some consumers decided to preserve their budgets for holiday things rather than splash out on big-ticket bargains. Moreover, the technology line up in electronics was far from inspiring this season – something that is largely out of Target’s control – but which nonetheless affected sales. The good news is that despite the value it generates, electronics is a very low margin category, so deterioration in this segment will not be particularly damaging to profits. This is one of the reasons Target has preserved its earnings guidance for the quarter. Toys was a very competitive area over the holidays. And while Target did make some market share progress, extensive discounting, offers and generally lower prices all squeezed the sales line. The only crumb of comfort here is that Target was not alone in feeling this pressure. Overall, Target remains a good retailer on the right trajectory. It may have stumbled and slowed over the holidays, but it is still one of the most attractive runners in the retail race."}
{"id": "doc894", "text": "Target Corp. is taking extra precautions to keep its stores clean in the wake of the coronavirus —including increasing its payroll. "}
{"id": "doc895", "text": "In an open letter to customers posted on the discounter’s website, Target CEO Brian Cornell said that on top of its daily cleaning procedures, Target is adding hours to each store’s payroll to make its routines even more rigorous."}
{"id": "doc896", "text": "“This means more time will be spent cleaning our stores, including cleaning surfaces like checklanes and touchscreens at least every 30 minutes,” he noted. “Like many others, we’re taking guidance from the CDC, which recommends regular cleaning as one of the most important preventive measures we can take. And, out of an abundance of caution, we’ve temporarily stopped food sampling in our stores.”"}
{"id": "doc897", "text": "The retailer also has started to limit the number of key items per purchase in an effort to allow more shoppers to get what they need. The Minneapolis StarTribune reported that Target posted signs in its stores during the past weekend that read: "}
{"id": "doc898", "text": "“Due to high demand and to support all guests, we will be limiting the quantities of disinfectant wipes, hand sanitizers and hand & face wipes to six per guest.”"}
{"id": "doc899", "text": "In his letter, Cornell said that Target is providing its associates with “up-to-the-moment guidance and information so they can keep themselves and their families safe.”"}
{"id": "doc900", "text": "“We’re encouraging sick team members to stay home and asking our teams to travel only if it’s business-critical,” Cornell said. “And, to help support our team in real-time, we’ve set up a forum where we’re sharing information and taking questions 24/7.”"}
{"id": "doc901", "text": "The CEO of Tapestry is staying put for a while and taking on direct oversight of the company’s biggest brand. "}
{"id": "doc902", "text": "The luxury goods company, whose brands include Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, announced that Jide Zeitlin will continue as chairman and CEO for the next three years. It also said that Joshua Schulman, CEO and brand president of Coach, will leave the company after a transition period."}
{"id": "doc903", "text": "During the search for Schulman’s successor, Zeitlin will have direct oversight of Coachs strategy and operations, working closely with the brands senior leadership team. Coach is Tapestry’s largest brand. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion in the company’s recently reported second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc904", "text": "Zeitlin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, was elected to Tapestry’s board in spring 2006 and was named board chairman in fall 2014. He was tapped as CEO last September, following the abrupt departure of Victor Luis, with Tapestry stating that at the “appropriate time, Zeitlin, with his board colleagues, will lead a search for a future chief executive officer.”"}
{"id": "doc905", "text": "Since becoming CEO, I have had the opportunity to immerse myself in the company, including leading an in-depth review of the brands and businesses,” stated Zeitlin. “The review revealed attractive growth opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, which we will unlock by further leveraging each brand’s differentiated positioning and strong consumer connections, powered by a modern, agile Tapestry platform.”"}
{"id": "doc906", "text": "Tapestry has experienced a series of leadership changes. In February, Liz Fraser was appointed CEO and president of the struggling Kate Spade. In other changes, Giorgio Sarné, president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, was promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. And Yann Bozec, president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China, was also promoted — to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific — while continuing as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc907", "text": "Target Corp. is exploring the future of online gaming and wants consumers to join in the fun."}
{"id": "doc908", "text": "The retailer has opened “Game Room,” described as a “play space for tomorrow’s gamer,” at Target Open House, which is located in San Francisco’s Metreon center. Target opened the site in 2015 as a concept store to showcase smart home technologies and products. It was described as part retail space, part lab, and part meeting venue for the connected home tech community. "}
{"id": "doc909", "text": "Target has completely redone Open House to focus on the future of digital gaming. It’s an immersive space that invites customers to play games and try out new gaming technologies. Some, but not all, of the featured items, which are from start-ups as well as seasoned vendors, are for sale."}
{"id": "doc910", "text": "“We aren’t just showing you tomorrow’s gaming,” Target said on its Open House website. “We hand you a controller and invite you to take it for a spin. In our Game Room, gamers of all skill levels can find new tools to double-jump into an exciting gaming future.”"}
{"id": "doc911", "text": "Game Room will also feature various events, from meets-and-greets to tournaments to talks."}
{"id": "doc912", "text": "Schnucks is getting out of the pharmacy business. "}
{"id": "doc913", "text": "CVS Pharmacy has entered into an agreement to acquire Schnuck Markets Inc.s retail and specialty pharmacy businesses. Under the agreement, CVS Pharmacy will acquire and operate 99 of the grocers pharmacies and will brand them as CVS Pharmacy. Additionally, CVS Pharmacy will acquire the prescription files from 11 Schnucks pharmacies and transfer them to nearby CVS Pharmacy locations."}
{"id": "doc914", "text": "This will not be the first time that CVS Pharmacy will operate its pharmacies in a store-within-a-store format. In December 2015, the company acquired Targets 1,672 pharmacies nationwide. (In addition, a CVS/pharmacy is included in all new Target stores that offer pharmacy services.)"}
{"id": "doc915", "text": "CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks positioned the deal as a strategic move to bring together the established Midwestern grocer and CVS Pharmacy’s pharmacy services and clinical expertise. CVS Health noted that the agreement also provides it with a “capital-efficient” way to expand into key markets. "}
{"id": "doc916", "text": "Founded in St. Louis in 1939, Schnuck Markets, Inc. is a third-generation, family-owned retailer operating 112 stores in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa. "}
{"id": "doc917", "text": "We have great admiration for Schnucks and believe CVS Pharmacy can bring additional clinical services to its customers,” Jon Roberts, executive VP and COO, CVS Health. “One of CVS Healths strategic imperatives is to Be Local. By opening CVS Pharmacy locations within Schnucks stores, were increasing access to high quality care and meeting customers where they are.”"}
{"id": "doc918", "text": "The companies also highlighted their shared belief on not selling tobacco products. CVS Pharmacy stopped selling tobacco in 2014, while Schnucks stopped selling the category at the beginning of this year."}
{"id": "doc919", "text": "As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus, said Todd Schnuck, chairman and CEO of Schnucks. This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain."}
{"id": "doc920", "text": "Once the deal is completed, Schnucks customers will have access to CVS Pharmacy’s various patient care programs, including health management opportunities, the CVS Pharmacy app and medication management via CVs Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule. "}
{"id": "doc921", "text": "CVS Pharmacy said that it would post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions and interview all Schnucks employees who apply. Changes will roll out over the course of several months following the completion of the transaction, which is expected to close by the end of the second quarter."}
{"id": "doc922", "text": "In 2014, CVS Pharmacy became the first and only major retail pharmacy to remove tobacco from its shelves. Schnucks stores became tobacco-free as of January 1, 2020. Schnucks decision to exit tobacco further aligns the company with CVS Health."}
{"id": "doc923", "text": "“As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus,” said Todd Schnuck, chairman and chief executive officer of Schnucks. “This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain.”"}
{"id": "doc924", "text": "To provide continuity for Schnucks pharmacy customers, CVS Pharmacy will post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions, and will interview all Schnucks employees who apply. In-store changes will be rolled out over a period of several months after the completion of the transaction as CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks work to ensure the smoothest possible transition for all pharmacy patients. "}
{"id": "doc925", "text": "Schnucks Specialty pharmacy patients will benefit from CVS Specialtys expertise in providing ongoing disease education, counseling and benefits verification, as well as coordination of care with multiple health care providers, comprehensive patient education and adherence management."}
{"id": "doc926", "text": "Following completion of the transaction, all Schnucks pharmacy customers will have access to CVS Pharmacys leading pharmacy care programs, features of which include: "}
{"id": "doc927", "text": "•    Opportunities for patients to manage their health with more ease and efficiency and gain access to programs that help them start and stay on their prescriptions while reducing overall health care costs. With the CVS Pharmacy app, patients can be notified when prescriptions are ready for pick-up and order refills digitally."}
{"id": "doc928", "text": "•    Simplification of medication management for patients with multiple prescriptions, through the utilization of the CVS Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule, a tool that provides a complete picture of the patients current CVS Pharmacy prescription information all in one place, including the name of each medication, when to take it, and how much medication to take in each dose. "}
{"id": "doc929", "text": "The transaction is expected to be completed by end of the second quarter and is subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc930", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc931", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc932", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc933", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc934", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc935", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc936", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc937", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc938", "text": "The men’s activewear market is growing faster than the women’s in the U.S. despite overall growth in women’s sports participation."}
{"id": "doc939", "text": "Women’s activewear sales in the U.S. remained flat in 2019 over the previous year, underperforming the men’s market which grew by 2%, according to The NPD Group. For a third consecutive year, men’s sales grew at a faster rate than women’s. The trend of men’s growth outpacing women’s continues despite overall growth in women’s sports participation."}
{"id": "doc940", "text": "The U.S. adult activewear industry generated $50.3 billion in sales for 2019, with men’s accounting for 51% market share and women’s at 49%."}
{"id": "doc941", "text": "“The women’s athletic apparel market remains the sports industry’s greatest failure, yet its biggest opportunity,” said Matt Powell, senior VP and sports industry advisor, The NPD Group. “Traditional athletic brands continue to struggle at the expense of vertical brands.”"}
{"id": "doc942", "text": "To be successful, brands and retailers of all sizes must put a lot of resources behind women’s product, according to Powell."}
{"id": "doc943", "text": "“Making a sincere connection and understanding where she shops are also essential,” he added. “It’s time to blow up the activewear retail model, which is not in sync with today’s woman.”"}
{"id": "doc944", "text": "The majority of women’s activewear is purchased for leisure and performance occasions—with their primary intended use being casual/everyday use or athletic/sport/exercise—both of which experienced dollar sales declines in 2019. However, in line with fashion trends, there was growth in sales tied to school, work and weekend occasions."}
{"id": "doc945", "text": "Generationally speaking, older millennials (ages 25-34) account for the largest portion of women’s activewear sales, yet in 2019 saw the sharpest decline of any age group. Looking at brands, specialty types including Lululemon and Athleta as well as adidas were among the top performers based on sales growth, while for men’s the growth was driven by more traditional brands such as Nike and Under Armour."}
{"id": "doc946", "text": "Globally, China is the second-largest activewear market behind the U.S. Similar to the U.S., men’s sales in China grew faster than women’s, +11%, though women’s sales still increased, by 8%. Across the 14 global activewear markets tracked by NPD, the fastest-growing countries for women’s sales in 2019 were Turkey, Russia, South Korea, and China."}
{"id": "doc947", "text": "“These countries are growing fast because the activewear market is newer, with a much smaller base,” Powell said. “In a mature market like the U.S., growth needs to be found elsewhere. With the women’s market failing to perform to its full potential, while holding almost the same market share as men, herein lies a renaissance opportunity to grow the entire market. Women also have great influence on the men’s and kids’ side of the business; once she’s in the door, she’s likely to buy for others in her life. Marketing to women can only be a win-win across the board.”"}
{"id": "doc948", "text": "99 Cents Only Stores has found a permanent chief executive officer. "}
{"id": "doc949", "text": "The extreme-value retailer named Barry J. Feld as CEO, and board member, effective March 6, 2020. He replaces 99 Cents Only interim CEO Felicia Thornton, who will remain as vice chair of the board. "}
{"id": "doc950", "text": "Most recently, Feld spent 15 years as the CEO and president and, later, the executive chairman of Cost Plus World Market, which is owned by Bed Bath & Beyond."}
{"id": "doc951", "text": "Prior to joining Cost Plus, Feld was the chief executive of PCA International, an operator of specialty retail concepts in over 3,100 Walmart stores in five countries), Vista Eyecare (a retail chain of over 900 vision centers), and Frame-N-Lens Optical (which was then the largest chain of retail optical stores in California). "}
{"id": "doc952", "text": "Barrys experience overseeing large, high-growth and innovative customer-focused businesses makes him ideally suited to lead 99 Cents Only Stores,” said Norman Axelrod, executive chairman. “We are delighted to have a seasoned executive with such notable merchandising, extreme value and leadership credentials joining the 99 Cents team.”"}
{"id": "doc953", "text": "Founded in 1982, 99 Cents Only Stores currently operates 386 stores located in California, Texas, Arizona, and Nevada."}
{"id": "doc954", "text": "Ross Stores sees plenty of room for expansion as it continues to move into new markets."}
{"id": "doc955", "text": "The off-pricer opened 19 stores and seven dds Discounts outlets across nine different states in February and March. The locations are part of the companys plans to add approximately 100 new stores – 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations – during fiscal 2020. "}
{"id": "doc956", "text": "These recent openings reflect our ongoing plans to continue building our presence in both existing and newer markets, including the Midwest for Ross, and expansion of dds Discounts into Indiana, said Gregg McGillis, group executive VP, property development. “As we look out over the long-term, we remain confident that Ross can grow to 2,400 locations and dds discounts can become a chain of 600 stores given consumers ongoing focus on value."}
{"id": "doc957", "text": "Currently, Ross operates 1,565 namesake locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 266 dd’s Discounts stores in 20 states. "}
{"id": "doc958", "text": "Last week, Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates."}
{"id": "doc959", "text": "The coronavirus outbreak is expected to have a longer and bigger impact on imports at major U.S. retail container ports than was previously expected."}
{"id": "doc960", "text": "That’s according to the Global Port Tracker report released Monday by the National Retail Federation and Hackett Associates which found that factory shutdowns and travel restrictions in China continue to affect production. A separate NRF survey of members found that 40% of respondents said they are seeing disruptions to their supply chains from the virus and that another 26% expect to see disruptions as the situation continues"}
{"id": "doc961", "text": "“There are still a lot of unknowns to fully determine the impact of the coronavirus on the supply chain,” stated NRF VP for supply chain and customs policy Jonathan Gold said. “As factories in China continue to come back online, products are now flowing again. But there are still issues affecting cargo movement, including the availability of truck drivers to move cargo to Chinese ports. Retailers are working with both their suppliers and transportation providers to find paths forward to minimize disruption.”"}
{"id": "doc962", "text": "U.S. ports covered by Global Port Tracker handled 1.82 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) in January, the latest month for which after-the-fact numbers are available. That was up 5.7% from December but down 3.8% from unusually high numbers a year ago related to U.S. tariffs on goods from China. (A TEU is one 20-foot-long cargo container or its equivalent.)"}
{"id": "doc963", "text": "February was estimated at 1.42 million TEU, slightly above the 1.41 million TEU expected a month ago but down 12.6% from last year and significantly lower than the 1.54 million TEU forecast before the coronavirus began to have an effect on imports. March is forecast at 1.32 million TEU, down 18.3% from last year and less than the 1.46 million TEU expected last month or the 1.7 million TEU forecast before the virus."}
{"id": "doc964", "text": "April, which had not previously been expected to be affected, is now forecast at 1.68 million TEU, down 3.5% from last year and lower than the 1.82 million TEU forecast last month."}
{"id": "doc965", "text": "While the coronavirus makes forecasting difficult, the report calls for imports to jump to 2.02 million TEU in May, a 9.3% increase year-over-year, on the assumption that Chinese factories will have resumed most production by then and will be trying to make up for lower volume earlier. June is forecast at 1.97 million TEU, up 9.6% year-over-year, and July is forecast at 2.03 million TEU, up 3.3% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc966", "text": "Imports during 2019 totaled 21.6 million TEU, a 0.8% decrease from 2018 amid the ongoing trade war but still the second-highest year on record. The first half of 2020 is forecast to total 10.23 million TEU, down 2.8% from the same period last year and below the 10.47 million TEU forecast a month ago."}
{"id": "doc967", "text": "“Now that we are in the coronavirus environment, uncertainty has expanded exponentially,” Hackett Associates founder Ben Hackett said. “Our projections are based on the optimistic view that by the end of March or early April some sort of normalcy will have returned to trade.”"}
{"id": "doc968", "text": "Global Port Tracker, which is produced for NRF by the consulting firm Hackett Associates, provides historical data and forecasts for the U.S. ports of Los Angeles/Long Beach, Oakland, Seattle and Tacoma on the West Coast; New York/New Jersey, Port of Virginia, Charleston, Savannah, Port Everglades, Miami and Jacksonville on the East Coast, and Houston on the Gulf Coast."}
{"id": "doc969", "text": "The digitally native, eco-friendly footwear company that makes women’s shoes out of recycled and sustainable materials has touched down in New York City.  "}
{"id": "doc970", "text": "Rothy’s has opened its first store in New York City, a 750-sq.-ft. shop on Bleecker Street in Manhattan’s West Village. It’s the brand fourth physical store to date, with existing locations in San Francisco, Boston and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc971", "text": "“We made the decision to make Bleecker Street our next store because New York is one of our top markets, and we felt it was the right time to establish a physical presence in a community that has so warmly embraced us online,” the company stated. "}
{"id": "doc972", "text": "Rothy’s took the same design approach to its new brick-and-mortar outpost as it does to its shoes. The interior features clean lines and quality craftsmanship, with a goal of making the customer feel both stylish and comfortable.  "}
{"id": "doc973", "text": "“Our stores are designed to be product first, allowing shoppers to experience every thoughtful detail that goes into a pair of Rothy’s,” the company said."}
{"id": "doc974", "text": "At opening, the Bleecker Street location showcases the brand’s entry into a new category — totes and bags— with a smaller assortment of Rothy’s newest shoe collections alongside customer-fave classics. The assortment is designed to provide a holistic view of Rothy’s product offerings, while celebrating its latest launch."}
{"id": "doc975", "text": "Space prohibits the store from carrying full inventory. But anything not stocked at our Bleecker Street location can be purchased from Rothy’s website with the help of our store associates."}
{"id": "doc976", "text": "Rothy’s shoes and bags are made from recycled materials, including recycled plastic water bottles. The shoes — all flats, and priced at $125 to $165 — are knitted together, making them extremely comfortable, according to fans. "}
{"id": "doc977", "text": "Rothy’s recently made its first foray into a new material, sustainably sourced merino wool, with its Merino Collection."}
{"id": "doc978", "text": "Dollar General Corp. has expanded its national footprint to 45 states."}
{"id": "doc979", "text": "The discounter has opened a store in Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, its first in the state. In September 2019, Dollar General announced plans to expand its presence into Washington and Wyoming. Grand opening celebrations for stores in Washington are currently scheduled for early spring 2020."}
{"id": "doc980", "text": "In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020. The company operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc981", "text": "Albertsons Companies is looking to return to the public arena."}
{"id": "doc982", "text": "The nation’s second-largest supermarket retailer filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed initial public offering. Albertsons plans to list under the ticker ACI on the New York Stock Exchange."}
{"id": "doc983", "text": "In its filing, Albertsons listed the size of the offering as $100 million. But this is likely a placeholder for a deal that could raise up to $2 billion, according to reports."}
{"id": "doc984", "text": "Albertsons operates approximately 2,260 stores under 20 different banners in 24 states. It earned $131 million on revenue of $61 billion for the fiscal year ended Feb. 23, 2019, up from income of $46 million on revenue of $60 billion during the year-ago period. In its prospectus, Albertsons said its same-store sales have grown for eight consecutive quarters."}
{"id": "doc985", "text": "“We are proud of the progress we have made over the past few years, and believe we have a long runway for growth ahead of us,” CEO Vivek Sankaran said."}
{"id": "doc986", "text": "The company, backed by private equity firm Cerberus, previously filed for an IPO in 2015. But it postponed the offering and eventually withdrew it in 2018 ahead of its planned merger with Rite-Aid. (The deal fell apart due to investor pushback.)"}
{"id": "doc987", "text": "Albertsons’ banners include Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs."}
{"id": "doc988", "text": "For an in-depth analysis of Albertsons by CSA sister publication Retail Leader, click here. "}
{"id": "doc989", "text": "Gap Inc. has selected the head of its fastest-growing brand as chief executive."}
{"id": "doc990", "text": "The struggling apparel giant named Sonia Syngal, CEO of Old Navy since 2016, as chief executive officer, effective March 23. She will also join Gap’s board. Syngal’s appointment comes shortly after Gap scrapped plans to split Old Navy into an independent public company, citing the cost and complexity involved in the move."}
{"id": "doc991", "text": "Syngal joined Gap Inc. in 2004, and has served in key leadership and general management roles, including managing director for the companys Europe business, senior VP for Gap Inc.’s international division and international Outlet division. Prior to leading Old Navy, she was executive VP of global supply chain and product operations, responsible for managing Gap Inc.’s global supply chain."}
{"id": "doc992", "text": "“I’m committed to fully realizing the potential of our portfolio and the advantage of our scale, with a focus on strengthening the love that our millions of customers have for our brands,” said Syngal. “To do that, we must better prioritize initiatives and capabilities that will improve execution and drive value creation.”"}
{"id": "doc993", "text": "Gap Inc. has been looking for a CEO since November, following the abrupt departure of Art Peck. He was replaced on an interim basis by Robert J. Fisher (son of Gap founders, Donald and Doris Fisher) who also serves as current chair of the Gap board. "}
{"id": "doc994", "text": "“To lead the company into its next chapter, we sought a dynamic leader who could bring a deep respect for our customers and make the decisions necessary to deliver value from our portfolio of brands over the long term,” said Fisher. “Sonia has all of the characteristics and experiences needed to effectively execute against the work ahead.”"}
{"id": "doc995", "text": "Gap has not disclosed its holiday sales. In January, however, it slightly boosted its full-year expectations “as a result of better than anticipated promotional levels over the holiday period.” The company will report its fourth-quarter and full-year results on March 12."}
{"id": "doc996", "text": "The company also announced that board member Bobby Martin will take the role of executive chairman, effective March 23. Martin’s served as president and CEO of Wal-Mart International and is a former director at Dillard’s Inc. He has been on the Gap board since 2002."}
{"id": "doc997", "text": "The company also announced the election of two new members to serve on its board, effective April 1. It is adding Elizabeth Smith, former CEO of Bloomin’ Brands, and Amy Miles, who served as CEO of Regal Entertainment Group from 2009 to 2018."}
{"id": "doc998", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc999", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc1000", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc1001", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc1002", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc1003", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc1004", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc1005", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc1006", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc1007", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc1008", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc1009", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc1010", "text": "Bloomingdale’s has opened a location in the heart of Silicon Valley."}
{"id": "doc1011", "text": "The three-level upscale department store is the centerpiece of the 500,000-sq.-ft. expansion of Westfield Valley Fair in San Jose, Calif. The spacious and stylish 150,000-sq.-ft. store is the retailer’s eleventh location in California and 35th full-line store nationwide. "}
{"id": "doc1012", "text": "Shoppers can enter Bloomingdale’s through the mall’s newly expanded indoor galleries and outdoor plazas or parking deck. Inside, the store’s interior offers an inviting atmosphere that pairs the brand’s signature black-and-white checkerboard with decorative tiles. Shoppers can unwind and recharge in seating areas located across all three floors."}
{"id": "doc1013", "text": "The first floor is home to designer accessories, fine jewelry and more. "}
{"id": "doc1014", "text": "It also houses an extensive beauty area, complete with private spa rooms and makeup stations for complimentary makeovers, and a rotating pop-up shop, [email protected]’s, driven by “culturally relevant themes and curated by guest tastemakers.” The initial theme is “world bazaar” and features a globe-spanning selection of handcrafted pieces and unique international finds. "}
{"id": "doc1015", "text": "The second floor features ready-to-wear, intimate apparel, young world (apparel, baby gifting, strollers, car seats and accessories) and a style studio with cross-brand stylists to help customers curate their wardrobe. The third floor is home to the men’s department and the home department, which has a demo area for food demonstrations. It also has a registry area with dedicated consultants. "}
{"id": "doc1016", "text": "The second floor’s offerings include a style studio, home to cross-brand stylists a registry area with dedicated consultants on the third floor. "}
{"id": "doc1017", "text": "Additional services include a home stylist, on-site alterations, a buy-online-pick-up-in- store station and more. Exclusive to the Valley Fair store is AnQi, a modern bistro and noodle bar restaurant concept. "}
{"id": "doc1018", "text": "“We’re excited to expand the Bloomingdale’s brand in Northern California with the addition of a new full-line store in San Jose,” said Tony Spring, chairman and CEO of Bloomingdale’s. “This store embodies the brand’s most modern and creative thinking to date.”"}
{"id": "doc1019", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods efforts to avoid bankruptcy have apparently failed. "}
{"id": "doc1020", "text": "The New York-based athletic gear retailer is prepping to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, reported the New York Post. Modell’s has stopped shopping for a white-knight investor as it scrambles to renegotiate its 140 leases across the New York metro area, company CEO Mitch Modell told the Post. It is also giving up on renegotiating terms with its vendors."}
{"id": "doc1021", "text": "Modell’s is hoping that Denver-based sportswear retailer JackRabbit will buy it out of Chapter 11, according to the report, which cited a source with knowledge of the situation. Modell himself did not comment on whether the company is in discussions with JackRabbit. He told the Post that “a lot of companies are taking a look at us.”"}
{"id": "doc1022", "text": "To read the full Post article, click here."}
{"id": "doc1023", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported stronger earnings and sales than analysts had expected as shoppers stock up on goods in light of the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc1024", "text": "“February sales benefited from an uptick in consumer demand in the fourth week of the reporting period,” the company stated. “We attribute this to concerns over the Coronavirus and estimate the positive impact on total and comparable sales to be approximately 3%.”"}
{"id": "doc1025", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Costco CEO Richard Galanti said that “these last nine or so days has been beyond busy.” In addition to stocking up on things such as water, sanitizers and other household goods, consumers also have been buying bigger big-ticket items, he added."}
{"id": "doc1026", "text": "Costco earned $931 million, or $2.10 a share, for the quarter ended Feb.16, compared with $889 million, or $2.01 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.05 a share. "}
{"id": "doc1027", "text": " Sales rose 10.5% to $38.3 billion, beating estimates of $38.22 million. Same-store sales rose 8.9% or 7.9% excluding the impact of gasoline prices and currency fluctuations. E-commerce comp sales rose 28.4%."}
{"id": "doc1028", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc1029", "text": "For some 58.4 million Americans, a hangover is no longer the only thing they may wake up to after a night of drinking.  "}
{"id": "doc1030", "text": "According to Finder’s latest Drunk Shopping survey, Americans spent $44.9 billion on drunk purchases in the past 12 months, which is down from last year’s $45.3 billion. Nearly a quarter (22.9%) of Americans admit to shopping under the influence. Although the percentage of Americans that admitted to buying under the influence decreased from 26.4% to 22.9% over the past year, the amount consumers are spending increased by 13.9%. The average drunk shopper is spending an average of $768.58 on drunk purchases this year, compared to $674.96 in 2019."}
{"id": "doc1031", "text": "Not surprisingly, food is the most common drunk purchase. Nearly 60% of Americans admit to purchasing food while drunk, followed by more alcohol at 51.7% and shoes, clothes or accessories at 36.9%."}
{"id": "doc1032", "text": "The Northeast had the highest percentage of drunk shoppers (25.82%) as well as the highest average spend ($1,195.13), Midwest (23.54%), the West (23.50%) and the South (20.32%), according to the survey.    Broken down by states, the research found that Washington spent the most on drunk purchases, totaling at $2,199.96. Massachusetts and New York had the second and third highest spending at $1,703.14 and $1,652.4 respectively. The state that spent the least while drunk shopping was North Dakota with a total spend equivalent of $99.60."}
{"id": "doc1033", "text": "In other survey highlights:"}
{"id": "doc1034", "text": "• Just over a quarter (26.9%) of men admit to drunk shopping. The top purchase for men under the influence is more alcohol (57.3%), followed by food (54.7%), and shoes, clothes, or accessories (30.3%)."}
{"id": "doc1035", "text": "• Less women (19.1%) admitted to drunk shopping than men, spending an average of $799.61 on their purchases during the past year. The top drunk purchase among women was food (62.9%), with shoes, clothes, or accessories coming in second (45.5%), and more alcohol in a close third (44.4%)."}
{"id": "doc1036", "text": "• On par with last year’s trend, millennials were the generation most prone to drunk shopping (42.1%), followed by Gen Z (35.4%), Gen X (22.2%) and baby boomers (10.1%). "}
{"id": "doc1037", "text": "The Body Shop is putting the spotlight on its longstanding green ethos and activist DNA with the North American launch of its newest retail format.  "}
{"id": "doc1038", "text": "The natural beauty brand has transformed its store at CF Pacific Centre, in Vancouver, Canada, into an “activist workshop” that encourages shoppers to explore and recycle products and learn about how to “fight for a fairer and more beautiful world.” It’s the third location for the concept, with one in London and one in Hong Kong. "}
{"id": "doc1039", "text": "The store’s features include a refill station. As part of The Body Shops new refill program, consumers can purchase refillable aluminum bottles and fill them with various shower gels. There is also a water station where shoppers can refill their water bottles. "}
{"id": "doc1040", "text": "The revamped space has been outfitted with sustainable store fixtures such as reclaimed wood and recycled plastics to help minimize its environmental footprint. It utilizes zinc facade cladding, an eco-friendly material that requires less energy production than other metals and can be produced from recycled materials taken from demolished or re-roofed structures. The store also boasts worktop surfaces that are manufactured from 100% recycled material destined for landfill."}
{"id": "doc1041", "text": "In addition, the store features an “activism corner,” a dedicated space where customers can learn about the brands activist roots and campaign for social change around issues ranging from gender equality to fighting cosmetic animal testing. They can also find out how they can get involved and take a stand with The Body Shops global and local collective of fearless activists. "}
{"id": "doc1042", "text": "The Vancouver location will continue its Return. Recycle. Repeat. program. The program, in partnership with Terracycle encourages shoppers to return their empty bottles, jars, tubs, tubes and pots in exchange for a future purchase voucher."}
{"id": "doc1043", "text": "Our newly transformed Pacific Centre location showcases the best of The Body Shops brand values, said Hilary Lloyd VP of Marketing and Corporate Responsibility at The Body Shop. The new Vancouver concept store marks the return to our activism roots. We want our customers to roll up their sleeves and join us in playing with product, recycling, refilling and campaigning for issues that progress equality."}
{"id": "doc1044", "text": "The Body Shop operates about 3,000 retail locations in more than 70 countries. Along with Aesop, Avon and Natura, The Body Shop is part of Natura &Co."}
{"id": "doc1045", "text": "American Eagle Outfitters’ fourth-quarter sales and earnings beat analysts’ estimates fueled by strong demand for its Aerie intimates brand."}
{"id": "doc1046", "text": "Aerie has been a major growth driver for the company in recent years, with its inclusive, body-positive messaging resonating with younger shoppers. American Eagle intends to build on the brand’s growing momentum. It intends to accelerate the growth of Aerie in 2020, opening 60 to 70 stores, with a heavy emphasis on stand-alone locations, executives said on the company’s quarterly earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc1047", "text": "“We are seeing very strong returns from our investments in new and remodeled stores as well, including exceptional growth trends in newer markets like Dallas, Houston and Denver,” Jennifer Foyle, executive VP and global brand president-Aerie, said during the call. “Weve entered 2020 with momentum and we look forward to achieving our milestone of $1 billion in short order.”"}
{"id": "doc1048", "text": "American Eagle reported net income of $3.8 million, or $0.3 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $76.2 million, or $0. 43 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were $0. 37 cents a share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc1049", "text": "Revenue rose 6% to $1.31 billion from $1.24 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts had estimated revenue of $1.27 billion. "}
{"id": "doc1050", "text": "Consolidated comparable sales increased 2%. It was the 20th consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales decreased 3%. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 26%, following a 23% increase last year, marking the 21stconsecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth."}
{"id": "doc1051", "text": "For the full year, American Eagle’s net revenue increased 7% to a record $4.3 billion. Consolidated comparable sales increased 3%. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales were up slightly. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 20%"}
{"id": "doc1052", "text": "“Although we faced some challenges in 2019, we made good progress on our strategic growth pillars, posting record revenues, said Jay Schottenstein, AEO’s chairman and CEO. “We saw strong customer engagement and positive traffic across brands and channels. Aerie delivered exceptional growth, led by its unique brand positioning and strong customer connection, and has significant runway ahead. American Eagle also saw growth in its signature jeans and bottoms categories, where we continue to gain meaningful market share. I’m also pleased that we successfully cleared through excess holiday inventory, ending the year well-positioned.”"}
{"id": "doc1053", "text": "The retailer ended the year with a total of 1,095 stores. During the year, American Eagle opened 37 Aerie standalone stores, ending the year with 148 Aerie stand-alone locations (included in total store count.)"}
{"id": "doc1054", "text": "Chipotle Mexican Grill is enhancing some employee benefits as it and other retail and restaurant chains struggle to retain talent."}
{"id": "doc1055", "text": "The fast-casual eatery announced that, beginning this year, it will increase its paid parental leave for restaurant support center and eligible field employees to 12 weeks for birth moms and four weeks for new dads and individuals adopting children. Chipotle also is testing unlimited paid time off for senior level staff, including directors and above in its restaurant support center as well as executive team directors and team directors."}
{"id": "doc1056", "text": "In other new benefits, Chipotle said it will cover costs for nursing mothers to utilize breastmilk shipping services during work travel. Additionally, Chipotles HUSTLE (Humans Uniting to Support the Ladies Experience), an employee resource group, will offer special Returnity Guides for corporate employees to help ease their transition back to the workplace.  "}
{"id": "doc1057", "text": "Over the past year, weve positioned ourselves as a leader in curating an environment that maximizes the potential of our outstanding workforce, said Marissa Andrada, chief people officer. We want to ensure our employees are able to share important moments with their family and have the necessary time away from work to recharge after a monumental life event. "}
{"id": "doc1058", "text": "Chipotle said its new unlimited PTO test for senior level staff will help reward the leaders “who are ultimately accountable for innovating and supporting the brands mission to cultivate a better world.”"}
{"id": "doc1059", "text": "Nordstrom is folding the brick-and-mortar operations of a fashion styling service it acquired in 2014. "}
{"id": "doc1060", "text": "The department store announced it will close the six freestanding Trunk Club stores and incorporate service into its nearby department stores. The stores are located in Chicago, Boston, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc1061", "text": "In an earnings call, Erik Nordstrom, CEO of the Seattle-based department store chain, said: "}
{"id": "doc1062", "text": "“We are fully integrating our Trunk Club service to enable a superior experience for customers, drive more business and gain efficiencies,” CEO Erik Nordstrom said on the company’s fourth-quarter earnings call. “Our plans include relocating clubhouse styling to nearby Nordstrom stores to reach more customers while continuing to offer our core Trunk-based services.”"}
{"id": "doc1063", "text": "Founded in 2009, Trunk Club Trunk Club customers consult with a stylist and then receive an assortment of clothing and accessories shipped to their homes. Customers keep what they want and ship back what they don’t. The service was originally dedicated to menswear but expanded to womenswear. "}
{"id": "doc1064", "text": "Burlington Stores is getting out of the e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc1065", "text": "After reporting fourth-quarter sales and earnings that beat Street estimates, the off-price retailer dropped a bombshell on its quarterly call with analysts. Company executives said that Burlington is winding down its e-commerce operations, which account for about 0.5% of total sales, and focus on growing its bricks-and-mortar business. The company currently operates 720 stores in 45 states and Puerto Rico. "}
{"id": "doc1066", "text": "“In our business, which is a moderate off-price business, the nature of the treasure hunt and the average price point that we operate at mean that bricks-and-mortar stores have a significant competitive and economic advantage over e-commerce,” CEO Michael O’Sullivan told analysts. “We intend to focus our energy and resources on driving profitable sales growth in our bricks-and-mortar stores. We will also continue to aggressively expand and upgrade this store network through our new store opening and remodel programs.”"}
{"id": "doc1067", "text": "In fiscal 2020, Burlington expects to open 80 new locations and close or relocate 26 stores. Its average new store size in fiscal 2020 will be 39,700 sq. ft., the first time the average will be less than 40,000 square feet, noted Burlington CFO John Crimmins. "}
{"id": "doc1068", "text": "The retailer reported net income of $206 million, or $3.08 a share, in the quarter ended Feb.1, up from $184.4 million, or $2.70 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to $3.25, just ahead of analysts’ estimates of $3.23. "}
{"id": "doc1069", "text": "Sales rose 10.5% to $2.201 billion, in line with estimates. Same-store sales rose 3.9%.“Overall we generated a 10.5% sales increase, which resulted in a 40 basis point increase in adjusted EBIT margin, and a 15% increase in adjusted EPS, ahead of both our original and recently updated guidance” stated O’Sullivan.” In addition, our inventory management made further progress during the fourth quarter, as our comparable store inventory decreased 15%, putting us in a very opportunistic inventory position as we enter fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc1070", "text": "For the first quarter, the retailer expects sales to rise 8% to 9% and for adjusted EPS to range from $1.29 to $1.34, below the $1.45 analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc1071", "text": "Kroger Co. beat fourth-quarter earnings and sales estimates amid rising demand for its growing assortment of private-label items. "}
{"id": "doc1072", "text": "In remarks to analysts, Kroger chairman, and CEO Rodney McMullin said, from a financial standpoint, it is too early to tell the effect of the coronavirus on the chain’s business.  "}
{"id": "doc1073", "text": "“It is not included in our guidance and, while it is obviously very early for this public health event in the United States, we are not seeing anything so far that would cause us to change our guidance,” McMullin said. “From a business preparedness standpoint, we have established an internal task force that has activated our pandemic preparedness plan with a focus on our customers, associates, and supply chain. We generally believe that we will have limited supply chain exposure in China as the majority of the product we source is domestic. “"}
{"id": "doc1074", "text": "The nation’s largest supermarket chain reported that its net income rose 26% to $327 million, or 40 cents per share, up from $259 million, or 32 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share were 57 cents, just ahead of analysts’ estimates for 55 cents per share."}
{"id": "doc1075", "text": "Sales increased to $28.9 billion from $28.3 billion last year and were in line with expectations. Digital sales were up 22%. Same-store store sales without fuel rose 2%. "}
{"id": "doc1076", "text": "Total company sales were $122.3 billion in 2019. Excluding fuel, dispositions and merger transactions, total sales grew 2.3%. Adjusted full-year earnings per share were $2.19."}
{"id": "doc1077", "text": "As part of its ongoing Restock Kroger program, the grocer has been increasing its selection of private-label products and enhancing its digital operations. Kroger’s Our Brands private label had its best year ever in 2019, exceeding $23.1 billion in sales. The company said that it introduced 758 new Our Brands items in 2019, which helped drive strong year-over-year sales lift across its portfolio of brands. "}
{"id": "doc1078", "text": "Kroger achieved more than $1 billion in cost savings in 2019, on top of the $1 billion of savings in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc1079", "text": "“We also have clear line of sight to $1 billion of incremental savings in 2020,” stated CFO Gary MillerchipQ$. “These savings are being achieved through improved productivity and automation, elimination of waste, improved sourcing of goods for sale and goods not for resale, and administrative efficiencies."}
{"id": "doc1080", "text": "Kroger reaffirmed its 2020 guidance for earnings per share of $2.30 to $2.40 and same-store sales growth of 2.25%. Analysts forecast earnings per share of $2.33 and same-store sales growth of 2.1%. "}
{"id": "doc1081", "text": "“By executing against the Restock Kroger framework, we are repositioning our business by widening and deepening our competitive moats,” stated McMullin. “The four main areas of the Restock Kroger framework – Redefine the Customer Experience, Partner to Create Value, Develop Talent and Live Our Purpose – continue to be a top strategic priority for us.”"}
{"id": "doc1082", "text": "The parent company of Mens Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank and other menswear banners has sold its designer label. "}
{"id": "doc1083", "text": "Tailored Brands announced that it has closed the sale of the Joseph Abboud trademarks to WHP Global for $115 million. The retailer acquired the designer label in 2013 for $97.3 million. (Designer Joseph Abboud, who served as chief creative officer for Tailored Brands, left the company at the end of January to pursue new opportunities in the global fashion community.)"}
{"id": "doc1084", "text": "In conjunction with the sale, Tailored Brands entered into a licensing agreement with WHP for the exclusive rights to sell and rent Joseph Abboud branded apparel and related merchandise in the U.S. and Canada."}
{"id": "doc1085", "text": "This transaction allows us to unlock value in the Joseph Abboud trademarks through an experienced partner that will focus on building the brand through international and category expansion, said Dinesh Lathi, CEO, Tailored Brands, when the deal was announced in January. “We plan to use the proceeds from the transaction for debt repayment, which will strengthen our balance sheet and provide additional financial flexibility to invest in our customer-facing transformation strategies."}
{"id": "doc1086", "text": "Cole Haan has opened a format dedicated to its superlight ZeroGrand shoe brand."}
{"id": "doc1087", "text": "Grandshop, at Westfield Valley Mall in Santa Clara, Calif., in the heart of the Silicon Valley, is designed to be modular and mobile. "}
{"id": "doc1088", "text": "The 940-sq.-ft. store, part of Westfields expansion of the existing center, reflects ZeroGrand’s focus on young, urban professionals. It’s Cole Haan’s first U.S. Grandshop (16th globally) and the first to utilize near-field communication technology. (An additional Grandshop is on track to open this summer, in Aventura, Fla.)"}
{"id": "doc1089", "text": "The technology provides shoppers with an immersive and seamless retail experience that blends online convenience with offline benefits, such as the ability to try on. Shoppers use their phones to tap to special terminals to find out whether the store has a certain size in stock or view more product details or reviews on Cole Haans website. They can also tap to purchase and have the goods shipped directly to their preferred destination. "}
{"id": "doc1090", "text": "This first Grandshop was designed for the young, extraordinary pioneers of Silicon Valley whose lives reflect their personal and professional passions and who work to disrupt the status quo,” said David Maddocks, chief marketing officer & GM business development at Cole Haan."}
{"id": "doc1091", "text": "The merchandise assortment is dedicated mostly to Cole Haan’s ZeroGrand line, including add-on categories such as Women’s Grand Ambition, along with accessories and bags made of ultra-light technical materials from the brand’s lifestyle categories. "}
{"id": "doc1092", "text": "Dollar Tree reported fourth-quarter earnings that topped expectations as the discounter continues to upgrade its Family Dollar portfolio and launches a new initiative."}
{"id": "doc1093", "text": "The retailer said that it will renovate about 1,250 Family Dollar stores to its “H2” format in fiscal 2020. The format features improved merchandise offerings, including Dollar Tree $1 merchandise sections, an expanded party assortment and an expanded number of freezer and cooler doors. In addition, the company will launch its multi-price Dollar TreePlus! 2.0 initiative. It piloted the initial concept in 2019. "}
{"id": "doc1094", "text": "Dollar Tree’s net income totaled $123.0 million, or 52 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared to a loss of $2.31 billion, or $9.69 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.79, ahead of Street estimates for $1.76. "}
{"id": "doc1095", "text": "Sales rose 1.8% to $6.32 billion from $6.21 billion last year. Analysts had forecast sales of $6.39 billion. "}
{"id": "doc1096", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 0.4%. Same-store sales at Dollar Tree rose 1.5% and fell 0.8% at Family Dollar."}
{"id": "doc1097", "text": "In a statement, CEO Gary Philbin said that Dollar Tree’s and Family Dollar’s support functions were now working together in one location under one leadership team, which the company expects will build greater collaboration and efficiencies. "}
{"id": "doc1098", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 was a very important year for our organization to further develop the foundation to grow and improve our business,” Philbin said. "}
{"id": "doc1099", "text": "For the full year, Dollar Tree’s net sales increased 3.5% to $23.61 billion. Enterprise same-store sales increased 1.8%. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree segment increased 2.3% (or 2.2% when adjusted to include the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations). Same-store sales for Family Dollar increased 1.4%."}
{"id": "doc1100", "text": "The company’s fiscal 2020 outlook includes an estimated incremental impact of $47 million related to tariffs, with nearly all of it being incurred in the first half of the year. "}
{"id": "doc1101", "text": "Additionally, the outlook includes an estimated impact of $15 million related to the new clean fuel regulations for ocean shipping. The outlook does not include any potential impact related to the supply chain or other aspects of the company’s business for the COVID-19 coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc1102", "text": "“As we enter 2020, our teams are aligned, energized and focused,” Philbin stated. “While our first quarter outlook includes expected pressure from the incremental tariffs and promotional activity, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver improved sales, operating margin and earnings in the following three quarters and for full-year fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc1103", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, Dollar Tree operates 15,288 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada."}
{"id": "doc1104", "text": "Abercrombie & Fitch Co.’s fourth quarter earnings and sales beat Street expectations amid rising demand for its namesake brand.  "}
{"id": "doc1105", "text": "The apparel retailer expects to take a hit of $60 million to $80 million to its fiscal 2020 revenue due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. It expects 2020 sales to be flat to up 2%, reflecting the COVID-19 impact. Analysts were looking for 1.1% growth."}
{"id": "doc1106", "text": "Abercrombie’s net income fell to $83.1 million, or $1.29 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, from $96.9 million, or $1.42 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share came to $1.31, beating analysts’ estimates of $1.23. "}
{"id": "doc1107", "text": "Net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion, also above estimates. Same-store sales rose 1%.   Same-store sales at Abercrombie stores rose 8%, while Hollister same-store sales declined 2%."}
{"id": "doc1108", "text": "“We finished the year on a strong note, with record Black Friday week results contributing to net sales growth and positive comparable sales for the fourth quarter, and for the third consecutive year,” said CEO Fran Horowitz. “Consistent with recent trends, Abercrombie outperformed Hollister and the U.S. outperformed international, which although still lagging registered significant sequential improvement."}
{"id": "doc1109", "text": "For the past couple of years, Abercrombie has closed some flagship locations in favor of opening smaller stores and pop-ups. It has an active remodeling program, updating stores with a more modern look that includes spacious fitting rooms and brighter interiors."}
{"id": "doc1110", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail, commented that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. Its holiday “Do 96 Hours In” campaign, which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in Los Angeles and Brooklyn, showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care staycations, resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand, according to Saunders. "}
{"id": "doc1111", "text": "“In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside,” Saunders said. For more analysis, click here.   For the full year, Abercrombie’s total net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion. Total same-store sales rose 1%. "}
{"id": "doc1112", "text": "“Over the past two years we have delivered a combined 157 new store experiences, reduced gross square footage by 6%, accelerated the rationalization of our flagship fleet and introduced local customer and product-facing teams in the EMEA and APAC regions,” Horowitz said. “We have laid the groundwork, and remain confident in our long-term vision and the global opportunities available to us as we continue to evolve with our customer."}
{"id": "doc1113", "text": "The retailer said that it expects the majority of the impact of the coronavirus to be felt in its first half. It also said the Asia-Pacific region contributed less than 10% of 2019 net sales, with China contributing about half of the regions sales."}
{"id": "doc1114", "text": "Total company manufacturing exposure to China was 22% in fiscal 2019, down from 36% in fiscal 2018, and is planned in the low-teens for fiscal 2020, Abercrombie said in a statement. The company has seen, and expects to continue to see, a direct impact to sales and margin from lost sales in the APAC region and in locations across Europe and North America."}
{"id": "doc1115", "text": "Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates. "}
{"id": "doc1116", "text": "On an earnings call, executives from the off-price giant said the company plans to add about 100 stores this year, consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations."}
{"id": "doc1117", "text": "Ross reported fourth-quarter net earnings of $456.1 million, or $1.28 per share, versus $441.7 million, or $1.20 per share, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.25 per share."}
{"id": "doc1118", "text": "Sales rose to $4.41 billion from $4.11 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $4.36 billion. Same-store sales increased 4%. The fourth-quarter operating margin of 13.3% was slightly better than expected, driven by higher merchandise margin."}
{"id": "doc1119", "text": "For the 2019 fiscal year, earnings per share increased 8% to $4.60, compared to $4.26 in the prior year. Net income for the period was $1.7 billion, up from $1.6 billion last year. Sales for the 2019 year grew 7% to $16.0 billion."}
{"id": "doc1120", "text": "“As we enter 2020, we continue to face our own strong long-term sales and earnings results plus ongoing uncertainty in the macro-economic, political, and retail landscapes,” said CEO Barbara Rentler. “Therefore, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook when projecting our performance for the coming year.”"}
{"id": "doc1121", "text": "The retailer’s guidance also does not reflect the “potential unknown impacts” from the evolving coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc1122", "text": "“While we are closely monitoring the situation, there remains a high level of uncertainty over supply chain disruptions in China,” Rentler said. “In addition, it is unclear how a further possible spread of the coronavirus could negatively impact U.S. consumer demand.”"}
{"id": "doc1123", "text": "Ross operates 1,546 locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 259 dd’s Discounts stores. "}
{"id": "doc1124", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has a new chief merchant."}
{"id": "doc1125", "text": "The home goods chain named Joe Hartsig as executive VP, chief merchandising officer of Bed Bath & Beyond and president of the company’s cosmetics, health and beauty business, Harmon Stores Inc., effective immediately."}
{"id": "doc1126", "text": "Most recently, Hartsig served as senior VP and chief merchandising officer at Walgreens, where he managed the front of store retail products division. Prior to Walgreens, which he joined in 2013, Hartsig served as senior VP, GMM, at Walmart’s Sam’s Club. Before that, he was with Motorola. "}
{"id": "doc1127", "text": "Hartsig’s appointment comes as Mark Tritton, who joined Bed Bath & Beyond as CEO in late 2019 from Target Corp., where he was chief merchant, is working to turn around the struggling chain. In December, Bed Bath & Beyond announced the departure of six executives, including the company’s chief merchant and chief marketing officer. Most recently, it announced a reduction in the size of its corporate workforce as part of a restructuring to streamline field operations."}
{"id": "doc1128", "text": "At Bed Bath & Beyond, Hartsig, who will report directly to Tritton, will be responsible for developing and implementing its product strategy, which involves launching new private label brands, one of the keys to its new strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc1129", "text": "“Joes experience as one of the leading innovators in retail makes him perfectly suited to help re-establish our authority in the home, baby and beauty markets and were excited to welcome him to this critically important role,” said Tritton. “Improving the curation and differentiation of our assortment is our number one strategic priority, and Joe will be the driving force behind our ambition to make it easy to feel at home with Bed Bath & Beyond, while also providing the leadership and vision needed to grow our Harmon business."}
{"id": "doc1130", "text": "In a statement, Hartsig said the opportunity to help rebuild “an iconic brand like Bed Bath & Beyond was too good to miss."}
{"id": "doc1131", "text": "Mark [Tritton] has a clear vision to reconstruct a modern, durable business model with a differentiated merchandising strategy at its heart,” he added."}
{"id": "doc1132", "text": "The company said it is on track in its search to fill a number of other strategic leadership roles and that it would provide an update on additional hires soon."}
{"id": "doc1133", "text": "Tommy Bahama is rolling out a new retail-restaurant combination that puts a more casual spin on dining."}
{"id": "doc1134", "text": "The retailer has opened a store with an adjacent restaurant/bar at Dania Pointe, Dania Beach, Fla. The store features the brand’s men’s and women’s apparel, swimwear, accessories and home décor collections, while the restaurant, called Tommy Bahama Marlin Bar, is designed as a casual-hybrid restaurant with a full-service bar. Guests place their order at the bar, with the items delivered to their table. Each Marlin Bar location has an open floor plan with plenty of patio seating."}
{"id": "doc1135", "text": "Tommy Bahama opened a second location in Greater Fort Lauderdale on Las Olas Blvd. in February.  . Additional locations scheduled to open throughout the year include Las Vegas and San Diego."}
{"id": "doc1136", "text": "“Over the last 20 years, we have seen how our guests enjoy the Tommy Bahama retail concept when it is combined with a restaurant,” said Doug Wood, CEO, Tommy Bahama. “We developed the Marlin Bar concept to create a more casual way for our guests to enjoy the Tommy Bahama shopping and dining experience.”"}
{"id": "doc1137", "text": "Tommy Bahama currently has more than 160 stores, and 18 of them include a food and beverage component."}
{"id": "doc1138", "text": "Nordstrom announced management and board changes amid disappointing earnings for its fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc1139", "text": "The department store retailer said it will move from its co-president management structure to a sole CEO, with Erik Nordstrom to serve in the role. Pete Nordstrom has been named president of Nordstrom Inc. and chief brand officer. Both Erik and Pete Nordstrom will remain on the board."}
{"id": "doc1140", "text": "“These titles help clarify our respective roles, as we strive to maximize our impact both as individual leaders and as a team,” said Erik Nordstrom. “Pete and I continue to be partners in ensuring Nordstrom’s success, and we are both focused on executing our long-term plan. We look forward to continue working with our Board to deliver on our shared vision for the future of Nordstrom.”"}
{"id": "doc1141", "text": "In other changes, Nordstrom board members Kevin Turner and Gordon Smith will not seek re-election at the end of their terms at Nordstrom’s annual shareholders meeting on May 20, 2020. The board is working with an external executive search firm for director candidates to fill their seats."}
{"id": "doc1142", "text": "Additionally, in changes designed to enhance its corporate governance, the maximum size of the Nordstrom board will shrink from 11 to 10 during the next two years and a 10-year term limit is being introduced for independent directors."}
{"id": "doc1143", "text": "Nordstrom reported net earnings of $193 million for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $248 million in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.42. Analysts had expected $1.47 per share."}
{"id": "doc1144", "text": "Total revenue grew to $4.54 billion from $4.48 billion, just missing the $4.56 billion expected by analysts. Full-price net sales increased 1.0%. Off-price net sales increased 1.8%. Digital sales grew 9% and represented 35% of sales. Online order pickup contributed more than half of digital sales growth in full-price."}
{"id": "doc1145", "text": "For fiscal 2019, Nordstrom’s net earnings were $496 million compared with $564 million for the previous year. Fiscal 2019 included integration charges and debt refinancing costs of $29 million, after tax."}
{"id": "doc1146", "text": "“Through our customer focus, inventory efficiencies and expense discipline, we drove improvement in sales trends in Full-Price and Off-Price, and we increased profitability during the second half of the year,” said Erik Nordstrom. “Our 2019 results reflected the accelerated roll out of our market strategy, our strength of Nordstrom Rack’s execution, improved merchandise margins and realized expense savings that were 10 percent above our plan, As we move forward, we are further leveraging digital capabilities and scaling our market strategy to drive sales and earnings growth.”"}
{"id": "doc1147", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. beat the Street for the fourth quarter as it closed the book on a disappointing year that did not meet its expectations. "}
{"id": "doc1148", "text": "Kohl’s net income totaled $265 million, or $1.72 per share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, down from $272 million, or $1.67 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted EPS was $1.99 per share, topping analysts’ estimates for $1.88. "}
{"id": "doc1149", "text": "Total revenue inched up to $6.83 billion from $6.82 billion. Analysts had expected $6.52 billion. Same-store sales were flat. "}
{"id": "doc1150", "text": "On an earnings conference call with analysts, CEO Michelle Gass said that Kohls  womens apparel was challenged throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc1151", "text": "We recognize that we need a much more significant reinvention in women to improve the trajectory moving forward, she told analysts."}
{"id": "doc1152", "text": "Gass said that Kohls is making bold moves to improve the business, including a decision to exit eight of its womens brands during the coming year.  She did not name the brands, but said the company will provide more details at its upcoming meeting with investors."}
{"id": "doc1153", "text": "For the full year, Kohl’s reported sales of $19.9 billion, down from $20.2 billion in the previous year. Same-store sales fell 1.3%. Income totaled $769 million, down from $927 million a year earlier. "}
{"id": "doc1154", "text": "Kohls raised its dividend 5% to $0.704 per share payable April 1, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc1155", "text": "While 2019 was a year in which our financial results did not meet our expectations, it was also a year of innovation and investment that further strengthened Kohl’s differentiation in the market,” said Michelle Gass, CEO, Kohl’s. “We are encouraged by the acceleration of traffic and new customer acquisition in our stores and online driven by the unprecedented level of new brands and partnerships we launched during the year. I am confident that we will build on our strengths in 2020 to stabilize and position the business for future growth.”"}
{"id": "doc1156", "text": "In February, Kohl’s announced a corporate restructuring that included the elimination of some 250 positions. "}
{"id": "doc1157", "text": "For 2020, the retailer expects earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.60, and same-store sales from down 1% to up 1%. The Street forecast earnings per share of $4.58 and a comparable sales decline of 1.3%."}
{"id": "doc1158", "text": "Target Corp. on Tuesday detailed several new initiatives for 2020, including robust expansion of its smaller-sized format, the scaling of a robotics solution and the addition of alcoholic beverages and fresh groceries to its pickup services."}
{"id": "doc1159", "text": "The retailer revealed its plans at an investors meeting following the release of its fourth-quarter earnings. Target’s net income earnings grew 4.4% to $834 million for the quarter.  "}
{"id": "doc1160", "text": "Following the opening of its 100th small-format store last year, Target is planning to open nearly 36 locations in 2020, making it the biggest year to date for small-format expansion. Targets smaller-sized stores contributed more than $1 billion in total sales in 2019."}
{"id": "doc1161", "text": "Target also said it will begin exploring sites for stores that are approximately 6,000 sq. ft. – roughly half the size of its smallest small-format store – as it looks to reach even more shoppers in urban neighborhoods and on college campuses. Target expects to sign the first lease for the new smaller format in 2020, with an opening date in 2021."}
{"id": "doc1162", "text": "Meanwhile, the chain’s remodel program remains on track to complete more than 1,000 store remodels nationwide by yearend, with about 300 locations to be updated this year.  (The average sales lift of a remodeled Target store has been in the range of 2% to 4% in year one, with an average of more than 2% in the second year.)"}
{"id": "doc1163", "text": "As part of its remodel program, Target plans to test a new front-of-store layout designed to create a more welcoming first impression, with fresh flower displays, a curated product assortment and lower walls and counters to make it easier for associates to help customers."}
{"id": "doc1164", "text": "In addition, Target will also unveil a “transformed” electronics department in 200 stores this year, followed by 200 more stores in 2021. The new experience will create a more inviting destination, offering a compelling showcase for top brands and dedicated spaces for the retailers trained tech consultants to assist shoppers, the company said."}
{"id": "doc1165", "text": "In other initiatives: •    To increase the speed and efficiency of its supply chain, Target will begin scaling robotics solutions that have been in development and testing across the country to replenish inventory to hundreds of stores by the summer of 2020. The technology enables precise sorting on an aisle-by-aisle basis to help store associates fill shelves easier and faster while reducing backroom inventory. "}
{"id": "doc1166", "text": "In 2020, Target also will open new warehouses near key markets, including New York and southern California, to more efficiently replenish stores in high-volume areas."}
{"id": "doc1167", "text": "•    Target will offer an assortment of fresh grocery and adult beverage items via its order pickup and drive up fulfillment. Shoppers will be able to order popular grocery items such as milk, eggs, bananas and more, and have their items delivered directly to their car or ready to pick up at a Target store. Testing will begin in Minneapolis-area stores in the spring, with plans to expand the service to nearly half of Targets stores in time for the holiday season. "}
{"id": "doc1168", "text": "Target also will test adult beverage fulfillment through Order Pickup and Drive Up in more than one hundred stores in Florida and Oregon this spring, with plans to expand the service to the majority of its stores by the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc1169", "text": "Primark is continuing its Northeast expansion."}
{"id": "doc1170", "text": "The value-priced Irish retailer will be among the first wave of retail tenants to open on March 19 at American Dream, the new 3 million-sq.-ft. mega-retail and entertainment center in East Rutherford, N.J. The location will be Primark’s 10th in the U.S. (and 378th globally). "}
{"id": "doc1171", "text": "Primark, founded in Ireland in 1969 and owned by Associated British Foods, opened its first U.S. store in 2015, in Boston. The company now has nine locations in the Northeast, with plans to open stores in Florida, Chicago, and Philadelphia during the next 12 months."}
{"id": "doc1172", "text": "Primark at American Dream will feature 42,200 sq. ft. of retail space over one floor. The merchandise mix will include the latest trends in womens, mens and childrens fashions, footwear and accessories along with lingerie, beauty and homeware. "}
{"id": "doc1173", "text": "It will also feature Primarks ranges of products made using sustainable, recycled and organic materials. These ranges are part of the Primark Cares initiative, which is Primarks commitment to be a responsible retailer and offering customers more products made using more environmentally friendly materials."}
{"id": "doc1174", "text": "The unique make-up of American Dream and its offering to customers is reflective of our own ethos to provide something for everyone, and we look forward to being part of the malls vibrant and diverse retail offering,” said Andy Stewart, president of Primark U.S."}
{"id": "doc1175", "text": "Here is a list of Primark’s U.S. locations to date: Downtown Crossing, Boston; King of Prussia Mall and Willow Grove Mall in Pennsylvania; Freehold Raceway Mall in New Jersey; Danbury Fair Mall in Connecticut; South Shore Braintree and Burlington Mall in Massachusetts; and Staten Island Mall and Kings Plaza Shopping Center (Brooklyn) in New York."}
{"id": "doc1176", "text": "The parent company of Saks Fifth Avenue is getting a new chief executive — but it didn’t have to look very far."}
{"id": "doc1177", "text": "Hudson’s Bay Co. on Tuesday said that Helena Foulkes will step down as CEO, effective March 13. Executive chairman Richard Baker will assume the CEO role, in addition to his other responsibilities."}
{"id": "doc1178", "text": "Last week, Hudson’s Bay shareholders approved the deal for an investor group led by Baker to take the company private. On Tuesday, Hudson’s Bay completed the deal, meaning that it is now a private company controlled by Baker and a group of other key continuing stakeholders. Hudson’s Bay expects that its common shares will be delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange at the close of trading on Wednesday."}
{"id": "doc1179", "text": "Foulkes was appointed CEO of Hudson’s Bay in February 2018. Prior to that, she was executive VP of CVS Health and president of CVS Pharmacy. Foulkes is credited with helping drive the downsizing of HBC, including selling is retail and real estate assets in Europe and the retail operations of Lord & Taylor. "}
{"id": "doc1180", "text": "“The company and I are grateful for Helena’s leadership and significant accomplishments over the last two years,” said Baker. “Together, we have simplified our company, strengthened retail operations and reinvigorated our focus on the customer. Each of our businesses is well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities in their unique markets and we are optimistic about this exciting next chapter for our company. Furthermore, we are confident in our go-forward leadership team and our ability to drive HBC forward.”"}
{"id": "doc1181", "text": "Regarding the completion of the deal to go private, Baker said the following: "}
{"id": "doc1182", "text": "“This is a great outcome for HBC and all of its stakeholders. The continuing shareholder group is resolved to doing what is right for our customers, associates, communities and partners. As current and future generations change the way they live, shop and work, we are committed to transforming HBC to capitalize on these shifts. It will take patient capital and a long-term view to fully unleash HBC’s potential at the intersection of real estate and retail.”"}
{"id": "doc1183", "text": "Disappointing sales of toys, electronics and home goods made for a somewhat mixed fourth quarter for Target Corp. even as the chain maintained its impressive run of same-store sales gains."}
{"id": "doc1184", "text": "Target’s net income grew to $834 million, or $1.63 per share, in the quarter ended Feb. 1, from $799 million, or $1.52 per share, a year earlier. Adjusted earnings came in at $1.69 per share, higher than the $1.66 per share analysts were expecting. "}
{"id": "doc1185", "text": "Total revenue grew 1.8% to $23.40, missing the $23.50 billion analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc1186", "text": "In January, Target disclosed slower-than-expected holiday sales as a result of “softer-than-expected performance in key holiday categories, including electronics, toys and portions of its home business.”"}
{"id": "doc1187", "text": "“Because these categories account for a much higher portion of sales during the holidays, they have a larger impact on our overall sales growth as compared to the rest of the year,” Target CEO Brian Cornell said in a January statement. "}
{"id": "doc1188", "text": "Same-store fourth-quarter sales rose 1.5%, in line with expectations. It was the discounter’s 11th consecutive quarter of same-store sales increases."}
{"id": "doc1189", "text": "Comparable digital sales grew 20%, lower than the 31% gain Target experienced in the third quarter. "}
{"id": "doc1190", "text": "The retailer credited its same-day services, including same-day pickup in-store, curbside pickup and same-day delivery, as helping to drive sales in the quarter. Same-day services accounted for more than 80% of comparable digital sales growth."}
{"id": "doc1191", "text": "For the full year, Target reported that its revenue rose 3.7% to $78.1 billion, reflecting sales growth of 3.6% and a 6.3% increase in other revenue."}
{"id": "doc1192", "text": "“The strategic investments weve made over the past several years to elevate the shopping experience, curate our multi-category assortment at scale, and deliver ease and convenience through our fulfillment capabilities are deepening our relationship with our guest,” said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. As we look ahead to 2020 and beyond, we are well-positioned to build on this strong foundation to further differentiate Target and drive long-term, profitable growth."}
{"id": "doc1193", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that the gains Target has experienced from such things as store refurbishment and new own-brands will not keep delivering at the same pace going forward. As a result, he expects the retailer to pivot to new tactics to deliver."}
{"id": "doc1194", "text": "“A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth,” Saunders said. “More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright.” For more analysis, click here."}
{"id": "doc1195", "text": "In the first quarter of fiscal 2020, Target expects $1.55 to $1.75 earnings per share and same-store sales growth in the low single digits.  Analysts were looking for earnings of $1.66 per share and same-store sales would 2.7% comp sales growth."}
{"id": "doc1196", "text": "7-Eleven has added more than 100 locations in Oklahoma to its portfolio."}
{"id": "doc1197", "text": "The c-store giant announced that it has officially closed on its acquisition of “7 Eleven Stores” of central Oklahoma, which includes more than 100 7 Eleven-branded locations that have been operating independently for 67 years. The acquired stores are all in the greater Oklahoma City metropolitan area."}
{"id": "doc1198", "text": "The acquired stores were not licensees or franchisees of 7-Eleven. They were totally independent though a special arrangement that the owner and 7-Eleven entered into back in 1953. The deal brings the total number of 7 Eleven stores in the U.S. and Canada to more than 9,700."}
{"id": "doc1199", "text": "These stores have carried the 7-Eleven name for 67 years, and today they officially join the global 7-Eleven family, said Joe DePinto, 7-Eleven president and CEO. We look forward to meeting the needs of Oklahoma customers and offering them the great products and services available in stores across the country."}
{"id": "doc1200", "text": "Seven & i Holdings Co., the parent company of 7-Eleven, operates more than 70,000 stores in 17 countries globally."}
{"id": "doc1201", "text": "Some Papyrus stores will live to see another day."}
{"id": "doc1202", "text": "Paper Source announced that it has acquired 30 shuttered Papyrus locations, giving it a total of more than 165 stores nationwide. The greeting cards, stationery and gift retailer plans to rebrand the Papyrus stores, with the first wave of converted locations expected to open sometime in March. "}
{"id": "doc1203", "text": "In January, Schurman Fine Papers, parent company of Papyrus, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with plans to close all its 254 locations in the U.S. and Canada.  "}
{"id": "doc1204", "text": "“Like Papyrus, we believe in embracing life’s moments,” said Winnie Park, CEO of Paper Source. “We want to honor that mission while also bringing the best of Paper Source to customers who value our mix of product and experience.”"}
{"id": "doc1205", "text": "Since 2015, Paper Source has seen double-digit growth in card and gift categories, which the company credited largely due to its commitment to design and curation. Over 65% of the assortment is exclusive to Paper Source. A commitment to the customer experience is also key to its strategy, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc1206", "text": "“We have created an experience that focuses on unique products and services you can’t find anywhere else,” says Park. “Our stores are a respite – we are a happy place where you can discover new products and we are a destination for creating something personal. We try to make it fun for anyone who walks through the doors.”"}
{"id": "doc1207", "text": "Paper Source plans to bring the best of its mix to the new Papyrus doors."}
{"id": "doc1208", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods keeps expanding its footprint."}
{"id": "doc1209", "text": "The sporting goods retailer is opening four stores in March. The openings include two namesake stores, at Hamilton Place Mall in Chattanooga, Tenn., and at Valley Mall in Hagerstown. Md."}
{"id": "doc1210", "text": "In addition, the company is opening a Golf Galaxy store at Swedesford Plaza in Berwyn, Pa., and at Warwick Mall in Warwick, R.I."}
{"id": "doc1211", "text": "Following the openings, Dick’s will have a total of 727 namesake stores and 96 Golf Galaxy locations in 47 states."}
{"id": "doc1212", "text": "Chain Store Age is proud to announce the winners of its Breakout Retailers Awards of 2020."}
{"id": "doc1213", "text": "The annual awards, selected by the editorial board of Chain Store Age, honor retail, restaurant and specialty concepts that are innovative in their category and show strong potential for growth. Past winners include Warby Parker, b8ta, Sweetgreen, UNTUCKit, Indochino and Orangetheory Fitness to name a few."}
{"id": "doc1214", "text": "“Retailers have to go the extra mile to stand out in today’s highly competitive and disrupted marketplace,” said Marianne Wilson, editor-in-chief, Chain Store Age. “In their own unique way, each of the five winning brands has done just that. Although the companies are widely diverse, they share an ability to engage and delight customers, online, in-store or both.”"}
{"id": "doc1215", "text": "The class of 2020 features five forward-thinking brands that are redefining their industry segments. The companies, listed below, will be honored at Chain Store Age’s annual SPECS Show (March 15-17 at the Gaylord Texan, Dallas) and will share their success stories during a special session at the conference."}
{"id": "doc1216", "text": "Chicken Salad ChickFrom one small location in 2008, this Southern-styled eatery has evolved into one of the nation’s fastest-growing fast-casual restaurant chains. Chicken Salad Chick’s menu features more than a dozen different varieties of chicken salad — each made fresh daily and ordered by the scoop, sandwich or bowl — along with other items. Its restaurants have a home-like, friendly feel, complete with tablecloths and carpet. "}
{"id": "doc1217", "text": "Chicken Salad Chick opened 40 locations in 2019 and it’s not slowing down anytime soon. The company is expanding beyond its Southern home base and plans to open more than 50 locations this year, with a goal of 400 units by 2025. "}
{"id": "doc1218", "text": "DeciemThis digitally native retailer, which calls itself “abnormal beauty company,” is part of an increasingly popular movement advocating authenticity and full-ingredient transparency in beauty — both of which have part of its DNA since it was founded in 2013."}
{"id": "doc1219", "text": "With six brands in its portfolio, Deciem challenges beauty convention with clinical-grade ingredients, lab-like packaging, budget-friendly prices and streamlined stores with inclusive messages. The company operates about 50 stores and also has partnerships with specialty retailers, such as Ulta Beauty. "}
{"id": "doc1220", "text": "EyebobsWith its colorful store interiors and exclusive frames, Eyebobs is looking to disrupt the mostly bland eyewear shopping experience that still dominates the nation’s malls and strip centers. An emphasis on affordable pricing and personal service enhances the brand’s appeal. "}
{"id": "doc1221", "text": "Founded in 2001 as a wholesale company selling readers, Eyebobs moved into prescription eyewear in 2017 and into brick-and-mortar retail in 2018. Customer service is central to the Eyebobs experience. Store associates go beyond face shapes in advising customers on frames, working with them to help select the frame that best reflects their personality."}
{"id": "doc1222", "text": "Neighborhood GoodsA Dallas start-up is a pioneer of a new retail model, one that seeks to reinvent the department store for the digital age. Neighborhood Goods launched in 2018 with a 14,000-sq.-ft. store that features a mix of rotating brands — many of them new to brick-and-mortar — along with programming, services and social experiences."}
{"id": "doc1223", "text": "The retailer offers a variety of leasing and space options that makes it easy for emerging brands to set up shop in the physical space without taking on the costs and complexities of opening their own store. Some brands pay a flat fee to Neighborhood Goods for a space, while others partner with the company on a rev-share basis. A majority operate on a mix of the two. With two stores under its belt and a third about to open, Neighborhood Goods is already looking at additional locations."}
{"id": "doc1224", "text": "Outdoor VoicesOutdoor Voices makes fitness apparel from technical fabrics for folks who enjoy physical activity and getting outdoors— but aren’t necessarily interested in rigorous training or competition. Founded in 2014, the activewear company’s positioning is best summed up by its tagline: #DoingThings."}
{"id": "doc1225", "text": "More than just a place to sell products, Outdoor Voices stores (11 in all) seek to build brand engagement and community, with a full schedule of events, from hikes to “dog jogs.” No two stores are exactly alike, but each blend the online and offline, and offer plenty of Instagramable moments amid a welcoming environment. "}
{"id": "doc1226", "text": "The 2020 Breakout Retailer Awards are sponsored by the architecture and engineering firm HFA."}
{"id": "doc1227", "text": "The Fresh Market’s new chief executive hails from up north."}
{"id": "doc1228", "text": "The upscale specialty grocer announced that it has appointed Jason Potter as CEO, effective March 2. He succeeds Larry Appel, who has resigned. "}
{"id": "doc1229", "text": "Potter is a 26-year veteran of Sobeys Inc., which operates more than 1,500 owned or franchised grocery stores under several banners across Canada as well as 350-plus retail fuel locations.  Most recently, he was executive VP of operations, having previously served as president Sobeys West, Sobeys Atlantic and president of multi-format operations. "}
{"id": "doc1230", "text": "Fresh Market gave no reason for the resignation of Appel, a Winn-Dixie veteran who was appointed president and CEO of the company in fall 2017."}
{"id": "doc1231", "text": "Jason is a proven executive with significant experience and success in the world of grocery retailing and operational turnarounds,” said Andrew S. Jhawar, chairman of The Fresh Market and senior partner and head of the consumer & retail industry team at Apollo Global Management, which acquired the company in 2016. “He has demonstrated an ability to drive revenue and profit growth through innovation as well as improved operations, merchandising and marketing, which are skills that make him the ideal candidate to lead The Fresh Markets continued turnaround efforts."}
{"id": "doc1232", "text": "The Fresh Market currently operates 159 stores in 22 states."}
{"id": "doc1233", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc1234", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc1235", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc1236", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc1237", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc1238", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc1239", "text": "A 14-year Nissan Motor veteran has been tapped to oversee Target’s supply chain and logistics field network to support the company’s 1,800-plus stores. "}
{"id": "doc1240", "text": "Target Corp. announced the hiring of Heath Holtz as senior VP, field operations, effective March 1. He will report to Arthur Valdez, Targets executive VP and chief supply chain and logistics officer. "}
{"id": "doc1241", "text": "Holtz joins Nissan Motor Corp., where he most recently served as senior VP of manufacturing, supply chain management and purchasing in North America. During his 14 years at Nissan, Holtz led large, global teams solving complex supply chain issues and developing operational excellence rooted in precision, on-time performance and quality products. He also has held positions at Dell and in the U.S. Air Force. "}
{"id": "doc1242", "text": "Target has built an industry-leading supply chain and logistics network that supports our stores as shopping destinations and local fulfillment hubs, said Valdez. Heaths strong track record of leading global teams to elevate operational quality and efficiency make him a valuable addition to Target as we continue evolving our supply chain to meet guest needs."}
{"id": "doc1243", "text": "Wayfair Inc. can’t seem to find a way to be profitable even as its sales continue to surge. "}
{"id": "doc1244", "text": "The e-commerce home furnishings giant, which has never reported a profit, posted a net loss of $330.2 million, or $3.54 per share, in the quarter ended Dec. 31, compared to a loss of $143.8 million, or $1.59 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted losses were $2.80 per share, more than the loss of $2.63 that analysts had forecast. For the full year, Wayfair’s annual net loss almost doubled, to $985 million. "}
{"id": "doc1245", "text": "Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that Wayfair has no clear path to profitability. "}
{"id": "doc1246", "text": "“That the company has a $1.5 billon long-term debt pile which costs it about $54 million a year in interest is bad enough,” he said. “But on top of this, its operating metrics are incredibly weak and do not even hint at the business being sustainable.” For more comments, click here. "}
{"id": "doc1247", "text": "Wayfair’s total net revenue rose 25.8% to $2.53 billion from $2.01 billion and was in line with expectations. For the full year, Wayfair’s total net revenue increased 34.6% to $9.1 billion. "}
{"id": "doc1248", "text": "Revenue per active customer rose 1.1% in the fourth quarter to $448. Average order value was $226, compared to $227 last year. Repeat customers placed 68.6% of orders in the fourth quarter.  "}
{"id": "doc1249", "text": "In February, Wayfair confirmed that it was cutting about 500 jobs "}
{"id": "doc1250", "text": "In a statement, Wayfair CEO Niraj Shah struck an optimistic note and spoke of the “tremendous opportunity” ahead. "}
{"id": "doc1251", "text": "“While already operating at a run rate in excess of $10 billion in annual net revenue, we have barely scratched the surface of our total addressable market and are only just beginning to reap the benefits of our large strategic investments across North America and Europe,” stated Niraj Shah, CEO, Wayfair. “To take advantage of the tremendous opportunity ahead, we are taking important steps to further optimize the business and drive greater efficiencies where needed to enhance our customer experience, strengthen our supplier partnerships, and further propel us down the path to profitability.” "}
{"id": "doc1252", "text": "A start-up concept that aims to update the traditional mall ear-piercing experience has opened its second location."}
{"id": "doc1253", "text": "Studs has opened its second store, at The Shops at Hudson Yards, in Manhattan. The company debuted last November, opening an 800-sq.-ft. sleek flagship, accented with neon yellow and silver details, in the city’s downtown Nolita neighborhood. "}
{"id": "doc1254", "text": "The store, which features private rooms for piercing, has proved so popular that piercing appointments are often being booked out two months in advance. Studs uses needles for its piercing as opposed to the piercing guns typical used in mall stores. "}
{"id": "doc1255", "text": "“There’s a lack of brands in the piercing and retail landscape that prioritize healthy needle piercing, offer a trend-driven product assortment and accessible pricing,” said co-founder and CEO Anna Harman when Studs first opened. “By having a singular focus on the ear piercing experience from start to finish, we’re confident that Studs can close the gap and deliver a service not only centered around ear piercing, but optimized for every possible need related to either piercing or jewelry in a way that no other brand is doing today,” "}
{"id": "doc1256", "text": "At 150 sq. ft., the Hudson Yards location takes the key features of the flagship and adapts them to a smaller mall format. It’s located in a space that formerly served as an alcove for vending machines."}
{"id": "doc1257", "text": "The small store offers Studs’ signature ear piercing services, with a flat fee of $35 for one hole ($50 for two), along with a limited selection of jewelry. "}
{"id": "doc1258", "text": "Customers can also shop for jewelry and get after-care information on Studs’ e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc1259", "text": "The new location will allow Studs to test out a micro-retail concept as it continues to expand its retail formats at scale, from additional stores and shop-in-shops to pop-ups and mobile stores, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc1260", "text": "Weak holiday demand and a shorter shopping season took a bite out of Foot Locker’s sales in the fourth quarter. "}
{"id": "doc1261", "text": "The athletic footwear and apparel retailer reported mixed results for the fourth quarter, with earnings that topped the Street but sales that missed. On its earnings call with analysts, company executives said that women’s footwear was a bright spot in the fourth quarter and that it would continue to add in-store spaces dedicated to its female customers this year."}
{"id": "doc1262", "text": "During the call, Foot Locker also said it plans that to triple its fleet of larger-format “power stores,” opening about 20 or more locations in 2020 across the U.S. and in international markets. To date, it has opened six. "}
{"id": "doc1263", "text": "“We also intend to allocate capital to our core stores around the world,” said company chairman and CEO Richard Johnson. “We have an opportunity to evolve our fleet, layering the best elements of our ‘power store’ offense, [and] improve the productivity of our existing square footage to drive faster growth through these investments.”"}
{"id": "doc1264", "text": "Foot Locker reported net income fell 3.6% to $141 million, or $1.34 per share, for the quarter Feb. 1, compared with net income of $158 million, or $1.39 per share, for the year-ago period. On a non-GAAP basis, the company earned $1.63 cents per share, a 4% increase over last year. "}
{"id": "doc1265", "text": "Revenues declined 2.2% to $2.22 billion, lower than analysts had expected. Same-store sales fell 1.6%."}
{"id": "doc1266", "text": "While we had leading positions in key on-trend footwear styles, this was not enough to offset softer than expected demand during the compressed holiday season, a very promotional marketplace for apparel, and tougher launch comparisons, stated Johnson."}
{"id": "doc1267", "text": "Sales for 2019 were $8 billion — a new record for the chain and up 0.8% over the previous year. Full-year comparable-store sales increased 2.2%. Net income fell 8% to $498 million"}
{"id": "doc1268", "text": "We built a strong foundation in 2019 and we believe we have the right plan in place to deliver against our long-term financial objectives, added Johnson. We are optimistic about our companys future, and by making progress against our strategic imperatives, we believe we will strengthen our position at the center of sneaker and youth culture, and create value for our shareholders."}
{"id": "doc1269", "text": "Foot Locker issued guidance of low single-digit comparable sales growth and low-mid single-digit earnings per share growth this year. But on the earnings call, Johnson said the guidance could change depending on the spread of coronavirus, which has hit store traffic in Hong Kong, Singapore, and Italy."}
{"id": "doc1270", "text": "“Clearly, it’s a fluid situation and we’ve built into the guidance what we know today,” he said."}
{"id": "doc1271", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, Foot Locker operated 3,129 stores in 27 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. In addition, 130 franchised Foot Locker stores were operating in the Middle East, as well as nine franchised Runners Point stores in Germany."}
{"id": "doc1272", "text": "Hudson’s Bay Company is one step closer to going private. "}
{"id": "doc1273", "text": "The retailer, whose holdings include Saks Fifth Avenue, announced that its shareholders voted overwhelmingly for the plan to take the company private. Under the plan, a group of shareholders led by Hudson’s Bay executive chairman Richard Baker will own the company. The company’s other shareholders will receive $11.00 per share in cash."}
{"id": "doc1274", "text": "Shareholders approved the resolution at a special meeting at which 98.28% of the votes cast voted in favor of the plan, surpassing the required favorable vote of at least 75%. The special resolution also required approval by a “majority of the minority” shareholders and 94.46% of the votes cast by minority shareholders were voted in favor of the resolution."}
{"id": "doc1275", "text": "Founded in 1670, Hudson’ Bay is the oldest company in North America. It operates nearly 250 stores and its businesses across North America include Saks Fifth Avenue, Hudson’s Bay, and Saks Off 5th. It has partnered with Simon Property Group Inc. in the HBS Joint Venture, which owns properties in the United States. In Canada, it has partnered with RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust in the RioCan-HBC Joint Venture."}
{"id": "doc1276", "text": "Levi Strauss & Co. is widening the scope of its family benefits program."}
{"id": "doc1277", "text": "The denim and apparel giant announced a new paid family-leave benefit for all U.S. corporate and benefits-eligible retail employees. (Eligible employees are those who work at least 20 hours per week for home office or 30 hours per week in retail.)  It provides up to eight weeks of paid time off annually to care for an ill spouse, domestic partner, parent or stepparent, child or stepchild up to 18 years of age. The benefit expands Levi’s existing paid parental leave program, launched in 2016, which provides eight weeks of paid time off to welcome or care for a new child."}
{"id": "doc1278", "text": "“We are introducing paid family leave to offer our employees the flexibility to care for ill family members without worrying about the stability of their job or finances,” said Chip Bergh, president and CEO of Levi Strauss & Co. “Access to paid family leave addresses the needs of the modern workforce and can help boost employee retention and loyalty. It’s not only the right thing to do for employees, it’s the smart thing to do for business.”"}
{"id": "doc1279", "text": "According to a Pew Research Center study, more than one in ten U.S. adults are caring for an aging parent or immediate family member at the same time they are raising their own children. This so-called “sandwich generation” is growing due to an increased aging population, greater prevalence of chronic diseases and geographically dispersed families. The National Business Group on Health reports that 88% of adult caregivers correlate the additional responsibility of tending to a sick family member with a negative impact on their own health, and 44% experience financial strain."}
{"id": "doc1280", "text": "“We applaud Levi Strauss & Co.’s expansion of its industry-leading paid parental leave policy to include paid family leave for both its corporate and benefits-eligible hourly workers,” said Debra Ness, president of the National Partnership for Women & Families. “Levi Strauss & Co.’s CEO Chip Bergh and his leadership team understand that when working people can take the time they need to care for a loved one – whether it’s an aging family member or a new child – it’s good for business, workers and our economy.”"}
{"id": "doc1281", "text": "Levi Strauss products are sold in more than 110 countries worldwide through a combination of chain retailers, department stores, online sites, and a global footprint of approximately 3,000 retail stores and shop-in-shops."}
{"id": "doc1282", "text": "Things are getting back to normal for Starbucks in China."}
{"id": "doc1283", "text": "Starbucks has reopened the majority of its locations in China that it had temporarily closed in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak. In a letter to employees, Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson said the company now has 85% of its stores open across the country, including its Reserve Roastery in Shanghai."}
{"id": "doc1284", "text": "“With the number of new cases in China slowing, we are seeing the early signs of a recovery in the region,” Johnson wrote. “As a result, the situation is improving throughout major parts of China.” "}
{"id": "doc1285", "text": "China is Starbucks’ second-largest market, with approximately 4,290 stores."}
{"id": "doc1286", "text": "Among the locations that had been temporarily shuttered was the company’s Reserve Roastery in Shanghai, which recently reopened its doors. "}
{"id": "doc1287", "text": "“That was necessary to protect the safety of our partners and our customers, and we also want to make sure we do our part to not help spread the virus in this country,” Starbucks China CEO Belinda Wong said in a video posted on Twitter from inside the Roastery. "}
{"id": "doc1288", "text": "J.C. Penney is not expecting much relief anytime soon in its sales performance. "}
{"id": "doc1289", "text": "The struggling retailer on Tuesday reported better-than-expected sales and earnings for its fourth quarter even as its sales continued to decline. Penney said it expects same-store sales in fiscal 2020 to be down 3.5% to 4.5%, excluding any impact from the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc1290", "text": "Penney’s net income fell to $27 million, or $0.08 per share, in the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $75 million, or $0.24 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted net income was $43 million, or $0.13 per share, better than the loss of $0.06 a share analysts expected."}
{"id": "doc1291", "text": "Total net sales fell 7.7% to $3.49 billion from $3.67 last year. Analysts were expecting revenue of $3.44 billion."}
{"id": "doc1292", "text": "Same-store sales decreased 7.0% for the quarter. Adjusted comparable store sales, which exclude the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories, decreased 4.7% for the quarter. "}
{"id": "doc1293", "text": "For the full fiscal year, Penney’s total net sales decreased 8.1% to $10.72 billion. Comparable store sales decreased 7.7%. Adjusted comparable store sales decreased 5.6% for the year"}
{"id": "doc1294", "text": "“In fiscal 2019, we met or exceeded all five financial guidance metrics for the year, and we delivered our third consecutive quarter of meaningful gross-margin improvement in the fourth quarter,” said Jill Soltau, CEO of J.C. Penney. “I am encouraged by our progress, especially in our women’s apparel businesses. We knew it would take time to restore discipline and return growth to J.C. Penney. As we move into fiscal 2020, we remain focused on the key tenets of retail as we continue rebuilding the company and implementing our Plan for Renewal.”"}
{"id": "doc1295", "text": "In e-mailed comments, Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said that while Soltau and her team are doing their best to improve Penney’s position and attractiveness, the reality is that most stores deliver an experience that is well below par. "}
{"id": "doc1296", "text": "“They are messy, crowded with bland merchandise, and lack any energy or inspiration,” he said. “It is, therefore, hardly surprising that many shoppers are abandoning them. Despite attempts to understand consumers better, JCP’s management has yet to stem this tide. And doing so will be difficult as it will require radical change and impactful marketing to inform lapsed shoppers of the improvements. Both things require capital and a strong balance sheet, neither of which J.C. Penney has.” For more analysis, click here."}
{"id": "doc1297", "text": "Chico’s FAS narrowed its loss in a quarter that, for the first time in six years, brought increases across all its three brands. "}
{"id": "doc1298", "text": "While all divisions reported comp increases, intimates brand Soma was the start performer across Chico’s brand portfolio, with a 9.4% same-store sales gain. On its earnings call with analysts, Chico’s executives said the company plans to open 10 Soma stores this year. Currently, there are about 300 Soma locations nationwide."}
{"id": "doc1299", "text": "“There is huge runway ahead for growth in Soma, because we are still extremely underpenetrated in footprints across the country, and we also have a lot of other opportunities in front of us for additional distribution,” said Chico’s CEO Bonnie Brooks on the call. “So I would say that we are extremely excited about the Soma potential.”"}
{"id": "doc1300", "text": "In January 2019, Chico’s announced plans to shutter 250 stores during the next three years. On its earnings call, the retailer said that that it plans to close 60 to 70 stores this year. But it added that, “due to significant improvement in our sales trends, we are reevaluating every closure decision.”"}
{"id": "doc1301", "text": "Chico’s FAS reported a net loss of $4.3 million, or $0.04 loss per share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, down from $16.6 million or $0.14 loss per share in the year-ago period. The company’s adjusted net loss was $3.5 million, or $0.03 a share."}
{"id": "doc1302", "text": "Net sales inched up 0.4% to $527.1 million. Total company same-store sales rose 2.2%, partially offset by the impact of 77 net store closures since last year’s fourth quarter. The comp improvement was driven by higher average dollar sale and an increase in transaction count. "}
{"id": "doc1303", "text": "Chico’s intimates division, Soma, was once again was the store performer across the retailer’s brand portfolio.  Same-store sales rose 9.4% at Soma, 0.9% at Chico’s and 0.1% at White House | Black Market. "}
{"id": "doc1304", "text": "We are extremely pleased with the significant sequential turnaround in our business, resulting in our first quarter of positive comparable sales for all three brands since the fourth quarter of 2014,” said Bonnie Brooks, CEO and president, Chico’s FAS. “Our strong performance can be primarily attributed to our disciplined focus on driving sales through improved and elevated product aligned more closely to our customers expectations.”"}
{"id": "doc1305", "text": "For the full fiscal year, sales topped more than $2 billion, down from $2.1 billion the previous year. Chico’s total sales for the year were $1.04 billion, down from $1.09 billion a year earlier. Total same-store stores fell 3.4%, with a 7.9% drop at White House | Black Market and a 4.3% drop at Chico’s. For the year, Soma’s same-store sales increased 8.8%."}
{"id": "doc1306", "text": "On its earning call, Chico’s said it closely monitoring and measuring the coronavirus situation and has three things working in its favor. "}
{"id": "doc1307", "text": "“First, fortunately for us, our total penetration of China goods has been reduced from the high 40% last year in this time period, to the low 20% range this year,” said Brooks. “So any slowdown in summer delivery, will impact a much lower percent of our total inventory. Secondly, we have fully accounted for all of our Q1 products and at this time, expect minimal to low impact from the virus on Q1 delivery.”"}
{"id": "doc1308", "text": "Third, she added, the company has time to implement mitigation strategies should they be needed going forward to move some production to other countries. "}
{"id": "doc1309", "text": "“The movement of goods out of China will also positively offset the impact of the tariffs,” Brooks said."}
{"id": "doc1310", "text": "As of Feb. 1, the company had 1,341 stores, down from 1,373 the previous quarter."}
{"id": "doc1311", "text": "L Brands has big plans for its growing Bath & Body Works business. "}
{"id": "doc1312", "text": "The retailer reported that fourth quarter net sales fell to $4.7 billion from $4.85 billion in the year-ago period; same-store sales fell 2%. The completed quarter is likely the last one in which L Brands will report results for Victoria’s Secret. As reported, it sold a majority stake in its intimates business to Sycamore Partners."}
{"id": "doc1313", "text": "In its earnings statement, L Brands noted that its Bath & Body Works division reported record fourth quarter and full-year results. For the year, Bath & Body Works’ North America   had a comp-sales increase of 10%, with a 5% increase in stores and a 32% increase in its direct business. Sales increased 12% to $5.170 billion."}
{"id": "doc1314", "text": "Going forward, L Brands intends to ramp up the expansion of Bath & Body Works — but with a slightly different real estate approach. It plans to open a net of 70 U.S. stores this year, up from 18 in 2019, with the majority located in strip centers. Currently, about 45% of Bath & Body Works stores are not in enclosed shopping malls. "}
{"id": "doc1315", "text": "The growth in store count in 2020 is expected to be substantially all outside of enclosed shopping malls, said Stuart Burgdoerfer, executive VP and CFO, L Brands, on the companys earning call.  He added that the new stores will be in power strips with a very strong economic profile."}
{"id": "doc1316", "text": "At the end of the fourth quarter, Bath & Body Works had 1,637 U.S. stores and 102 in Canada."}
{"id": "doc1317", "text": "Best Buy reported its 12th straight quarter of same-store growth fueled by sales of headphones, appliances, mobile phones and tablets during the holiday shopping season."}
{"id": "doc1318", "text": "Net income totaled $745 million, or $2.84 per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, up from $735 million, or $2.69 per share, last year. Analysts had forecast earnings of $2.75. "}
{"id": "doc1319", "text": "Total revenue rose to $15.196 billion from $14.801 billion, topping estimates of $15.05 billion.  Same-store sales rose 3.2%, also more than expected. Comparable online sales increased18.7%. "}
{"id": "doc1320", "text": "Best Buy is “closely” monitoring the coronavirus outbreak and expects most of its impact to be in the first half of the year, according to company CFO Matt Bilunas."}
{"id": "doc1321", "text": "“This is a very fluid situation, which makes it difficult to determine exact financial impacts from disruptions in supply chain,” he said. “Based on what we know today, we have assumed the majority of the impacts occur in the first half of the year. Therefore, we view this as a relatively short-term disruption that does not impact our long-term strategy and initiatives. Our guidance ranges for both Q1 and the full year reflect our best estimates of the impacts at this time.”"}
{"id": "doc1322", "text": "Best Buy’s fiscal 2021 forecast calls for an adjusted earnings range of $6.10 to $6.30 per share and for same-store sales to be flat to up 2%. Revenue will be in the range of $43.3 billion to $44.3 billion."}
{"id": "doc1323", "text": "Dining out is an essential part of the lifestyle of nearly 50% of adults."}
{"id": "doc1324", "text": "That’s according to a survey by the International Council of Shopping Centers, which found that 64% of adults spend on dining at least once a week. With an average weekly spend of $71, dining expenditures exceed $602 billion annually."}
{"id": "doc1325", "text": "The survey found that the top reason for dining out is convenience. Seventy-two percent of people with children at home spend on dining out at least once a week and 41% said they are dining out more often than two years ago. "}
{"id": "doc1326", "text": "In other survey findings: • Seventy-two percent of millennials frequent food and beverage establishments at least once a week."}
{"id": "doc1327", "text": "• In an average week, 83% of adults dine at fast-food and fast-casual restaurants. Others (67%) prefer the convenience of utilizing takeout or delivery services (67%) and 41% who order online use curbside pick-up, with a third of adults noting that they are taking advantage of those options more often now than they were two years ago."}
{"id": "doc1328", "text": "• Sixty-seven percent of people dine at full-service restaurants weekly. And, more than 60% said that, despite ordering delivery/takeout more frequently, they aren’t going to physical restaurants any less often."}
{"id": "doc1329", "text": "For those who patronize dining establishments in shopping centers, 76% also shop at retail stores and 45% see a movie.  "}
{"id": "doc1330", "text": "“Dining options have grown significantly in recent years as millennials seek experiences and baby boomers become empty nesters,” said Tom McGee, ICSC president and CEO. “In the last five years, the sector has added over one million jobs and increased its share of GLA by 1.3 percentage points.”"}
{"id": "doc1331", "text": "Nordstrom’s newest partner is a museum devoted to the history of beauty and its impact on society. "}
{"id": "doc1332", "text": "Nordstrom will be the exclusive retail partner at The Makeup Museum, which will make its official debut in May, in New York City’s Meatpacking District. The venue will feature an immersive, Pink Jungle: 1950s Makeup in America, exhibition."}
{"id": "doc1333", "text": "In line with the theme, the gift shop, signed as “Gift Shop by Nordstrom,” will feature goods inspired by iconic looks and products of the 1950s. The assortment will include products to create the perfect cat eye, red carpet essentials, iconic fragrances and a curation of red lipsticks alongside tote bags, compact mirrors, and other items with exclusive Makeup Museum designs. "}
{"id": "doc1334", "text": "As part of the partnership, Nordstrom stores in top markets will give customers the opportunity to purchase Makeup Museum- themed products tied to the history of makeup and its ongoing impact on society. "}
{"id": "doc1335", "text": "Iconic retailers were an important part of the retail experience for the 1950s beauty consumer, and so much more than just a place to shop, said Doreen Bloch, Makeup Museum co-founder. There was a true thrill of getting to see and feel the latest products on the market first-hand."}
{"id": "doc1336", "text": "The Makeup Museum mobile app and website will allow customers to click-to-shop on the Nordstrom website for artifact-inspired finds. A wide variety of artifacts, including Max Factors signature 1959 Creme Puff compact and Erno Laszlo creams and treatments from Marilyn Monroes personal collection will be showcased in the exhibits 1950s artifact gallery."}
{"id": "doc1337", "text": "The Makeup Museum describes itself as the worlds leading institution exploring the history of beauty and its ongoing impact on society.  Dedicated to empowering all people to learn about and have fun with beauty, the venue aims to bring beauty to life through large-scale exhibits, events, and interactive and shoppable programming."}
{"id": "doc1338", "text": "Lowe’s Cos. efforts to a profit in the fourth quarter amid ongoing efforts to accelerate its online business."}
{"id": "doc1339", "text": "The home improvement retailer reported net income of $509 million, or $0.66 per share, for the quarter ended Jan. 31, compared with a loss of $824 million, or $1.03 per share, a year ago. Excluding items, the company earned $0.94 per share, topping analyst estimates of $0.91."}
{"id": "doc1340", "text": "Revenue rose to $16.03 billion from $15.65 billion a year ago, Analysts had forecast revenue of $16.15 billion. Same-store sales grew by 2.5%, missing estimates of 3.6%."}
{"id": "doc1341", "text": "In a statement, CEO Marvin R. Ellison noted that the company’s sales growth was driven almost entirely by its U.S. brick-and-mortar stores, supported by investments in technology, store environment and the Pro business."}
{"id": "doc1342", "text": "“We have a detailed road map in place to modernize our e-commerce platform and accelerate Lowes.com sales, which combined with the sales productivity improvement in our physical stores, underscores our opportunity to unlock additional growth,” Ellison said. “Though we are only one year into a multi-year plan, we made significant progress transforming our company and believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on solid demand in a healthy home improvement market.”"}
{"id": "doc1343", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that while Lowe’s digital channel is growing,  it is doing so at a much slower pace than the overall sector, so Lowe’s is losing online market share in home improvement. "}
{"id": "doc1344", "text": "“Admittedly, Lowe’s is in the enhancing its website and mobile app,” he said. “But there is still more work to do to deliver an experience that is at least comparable to Home Depot. Getting digital right is critical if Lowe’s is to generate higher growth, if only because increasing numbers of consumers start their journey by researching online and many more are now ordering online too.”"}
{"id": "doc1345", "text": "Lowe’s reported its earnings one day after rival Home Depot reported earnings, revenue and same-store sales that beat the Street."}
{"id": "doc1346", "text": "Lowes forecast that fiscal 2021 adjusted earnings will range from $6.45 to $6.65 on comparable-store sales growth between 3% and 3.5%. Analysts had forecast earnings of $6.67."}
{"id": "doc1347", "text": "As of Jan 31, 2020, Lowe’s operated 1,977 home improvement and hardware stores in the United States and Canada."}
{"id": "doc1348", "text": "A real-estate focused venture capital firm closed a $100 million vehicle that aims to invest in emerging brands and retail concepts to accelerate their physical store expansion."}
{"id": "doc1349", "text": "Fifth Wall’s new “Retail Fund” is backed by retail real estate owners and service providers including Acadia Realty Trust, Cushman & Wakefield, Macerich and Nuveen Real Estate. It will look to accelerate the brick-and-mortar expansion of new brands through retail partnerships with the company’s consortium of more than 50 corporate investors from 11 countries."}
{"id": "doc1350", "text": "Although digitally native brands are rapidly expanding offline, Fifth Wall said it believes that most venture capital investors in e-commerce are not familiar with the challenges or complicated dynamics of brick-and-mortar retail growth. Similarly, many large retail real estate owners arent fully aware of new potential tenants for their space, the company said."}
{"id": "doc1351", "text": "As part of the Retail Funds investment mandate, Fifth Wall will work to help new brands and retail concepts navigate the complexities of offline expansion through its real estate expertise and its real estate investor network. It will help its retail real estate owners build relationships with brands at a much earlier stage."}
{"id": "doc1352", "text": "Digitally native brands often arent familiar with the challenges of retail real estate expansion, said Kevin Campos, partner, Fifth Wall, who leads the Retail Funds investments in omnichannel brands. “And weve observed that many traditional VCs lack the experience to be able to meaningfully engage on issues like site selection, store design, merchandising, and staffing. Fifth Wall aims to support brands on these very issues.”"}
{"id": "doc1353", "text": "Fifth Wall has already made investments in emerging omnichannel brands and retail concepts, including Allbirds, Carbon38, Cotopaxi, Foxtrot, Heyday, Industrious, Interior Define, Madison Reed, Taft, and UntuckIt."}
{"id": "doc1354", "text": "When Fifth Wall backed UntuckIt, we had 15 stores and the goal of growing that by another 100 in 5 years,” said company co-founder and CEO Aaron Sanandres. “In part through the help of Fifth Walls real estate network in the U.S. and abroad, were already well ahead of those ambitious plans."}
{"id": "doc1355", "text": "Fifth Wall is also focused on concepts that come from outside traditional retail categories but make for complementary tenants in shopping centers, such as flexible office providers. After Fifth Walls investment in Industrious, Macerich collaborated with the flex office brand to open a location at Scottsdale Fashion Square in a 40,000-sq.-ft. space formerly occupied by Barneys New York."}
{"id": "doc1356", "text": "Our top properties in top markets are natural platforms for a wide range of innovative concepts, such as Industrious, UntuckIt and b8ta, benefiting from Fifth Walls expertise and investment,” said Tom OHern, CEO, Macerich. “This new Retail Fund, which supports the ecosystem of emerging retailers, is an exciting step."}
{"id": "doc1357", "text": "Founded in 2016 and based in Los Angeles, Fifth Wall describes itself as the largest venture capital firm focused on technology-driven innovation for the global real estate industry. It has approximately $1 billion in assets under management. "}
{"id": "doc1358", "text": "7-Eleven is moving forward with its “evolution store format. "}
{"id": "doc1359", "text": "The c-store giant, which unveiled the concept last March in Dallas, has expanded it to Washington, D.C., with an additional location to open in San Diego in the coming months. 7-Eleven said it plans to continue to expand the concept across the country in 2020."}
{"id": "doc1360", "text": "The evolution format is designed to serve as a lab store and real-time experiential testing ground where customers can try the retailer’s latest innovations. "}
{"id": "doc1361", "text": "“Our evolution stores bring outstanding innovation to life through new food and beverage platforms as well as through digital experiences,” said 7-Eleven president and CEO Joe DePinto."}
{"id": "doc1362", "text": "The initial location exceeded expectations with enthusiastic reviews, crowds of customers and sales that continue to climb, according to 7-Eleven. The concepts that resonate with consumers are refined before being incorporated into the next generation of the chain’s current and new store standards."}
{"id": "doc1363", "text": "The evolution stores include a Laredo Taco Company restaurant. (7-Eleven acquired the Laredo Taco Company restaurants along with Stripes convenience stores in South Texas as part of the 1,000-store acquisition from Sunoco in 2018.) "}
{"id": "doc1364", "text": "They also feature an assortment of exclusive products, services and features customized to the neighborhoods they serve.  Digital initiatives that enhance the shopping experience are woven into the concept, including technology that allows customers to skip the checkout line and pay for their purchases via the 7-Eleven app."}
{"id": "doc1365", "text": "Other features include: •    Made-to-order specialty drinks that give customers the option to customize their drinks in a full-service beverage format including custom hot coffee drinks like flavored lattes, mochas and more as well as custom cold drinks like smoothies, agua frescas and cold brew coffee;"}
{"id": "doc1366", "text": "•    Self-serve specialty coffee drinks with the addition of touch-screen machines that brew custom hot coffee drinks like lattes, cappuccinos, espresso shots and more in just seconds; "}
{"id": "doc1367", "text": "•     Cold treats bar with multiple frozen yogurt and ice cream  with multiple toppings;•    National brand electronics such as tablets and Bluetooth headphones available for sale from a secure, self-serve kiosk;  •    On-the-go beauty with expanded skin care, makeup and other health and beauty items; and"}
{"id": "doc1368", "text": "•    7Now Delivery App – 7-Elevens on-demand delivery app allows customers to   have their favorite items delivered to their door."}
{"id": "doc1369", "text": "•    Certain locations include The Cellar, an alcove dedicated to an expanded selection of wines and craft beers, with a nearby growler station that features a rotating selection of local craft beer, cider and ales on tap. "}
{"id": "doc1370", "text": "“These new stores are invaluable learning labs, where new concepts are tailored to meet the needs of the communities they will serve from sunny southern California to the fast-paced world of the East Coast, said 7-Eleven executive VP and COO Chris Tanco. We will continue to evolve based on customer feedback and we look forward to creating the next generation of convenience together."}
{"id": "doc1371", "text": "The nation’s retail sales will increase between 3.5% and 4.1% in 2020. "}
{"id": "doc1372", "text": "That’s according to the National Retail Federation, which forecasts that sales will increase between 3.5% and 4.1% despite uncertainty from the lingering trade war, coronavirus and the presidential election. Based on the forecast, 2020 retail sales should total between $3.93 trillion and $3.95 trillion. (NRF numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants.). Online sales, which are included in the total, are expected to grow from 12% to 15% to between $870.6 billion and $893.9 billion."}
{"id": "doc1373", "text": "The NRF forecast assumes that coronavirus does not become a global pandemic. But the group warned that business confidence and retail sales could be impacted if factory shutdowns in China continue, particularly if delivery of holiday season merchandise is affected."}
{"id": "doc1374", "text": "“The economy is growing at a more modest pace, but the underlying economic fundamentals remain in place and are positive,” stated NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz. “Consumers remain upbeat and have the confidence to spend, and the steady wage growth that has come with the strong job market is fueling their spending. The state of the consumer is very healthy.”"}
{"id": "doc1375", "text": "Preliminary results show that retail sales during 2019 grew 3.7% over 2018 to $3.79 trillion, just short of NRF’s forecast of at least 3.8% growth. The total includes online and other non-store sales, which were up 12.9% at $777.3 billion, beating NRF’s forecast of up to 12% growth."}
{"id": "doc1376", "text": "NRF expects the overall economy to gain between 150,000 and 170,000 jobs per month in 2020, compared with an average 175,000 in 2019, and that unemployment – currently at 3.6% – should stay around 3.5%. Gross domestic product is likely to grow 1.9%, down from preliminary estimates of 2.3% in 2019."}
{"id": "doc1377", "text": "While consumers and small business owners are confident, Kleinhenz said that corporate CEOs remain cautious over trade policy. Further progress to build on the Phase One trade agreement with China could boost the economy and accelerate corporate spending and hiring. Conversely, escalation of the trade war could discourage corporate investments. Meanwhile, the wide range of potential policy outcomes associated with November’s elections could cause both consumers and businesses to be cautious."}
{"id": "doc1378", "text": "Kleinhenz cited unemployment that remains near a 50-year low and low interest rates that have spurred home buying and mortgage refinancing that should add to consumer spending on furniture and other home-related products. While disposable income has moderated recently, inflation has been low, and consumers have been confident enough to use their credit cards or savings to sustain their spending."}
{"id": "doc1379", "text": "TJX. Cos. showed the strength of its off-price model in the fourth quarter with sales and earnings that beat expectations amid increased store traffic. All its banners came up as winners. "}
{"id": "doc1380", "text": "On the company’s quarterly earnings call, CEO Ernie Herrman said “TJX is far from finished growing.” The retailer ended the year with 4,529 stores, which represented a 4% increase in square footage over the previous year. TJX executives on the call noted that even the shorter 2019 holiday shopping season did not take away from the company’s growth. "}
{"id": "doc1381", "text": "“We saw strength across the company, with each major division delivering comp sales growth of 4% or higher, all over strong increases last year and all primarily driven by customer traffic,” Herrman stated in a release. “Our exciting brands and gift-giving assortments at great values, supported by our marketing, attracted customers around the globe during the holiday season and beyond.”"}
{"id": "doc1382", "text": "The off-price giant’s income totaled $984.8 million, or $0.81 per share, in the quarter ended Feb. 1, up from $841.5 million, or $0.68 per share, in the year-ago period. The Street estimate was $0.77 a share."}
{"id": "doc1383", "text": "Sales increased 10% to $12.2 billion, up from $11.1 billion the prior year. Analysts had expected sales of $11.8 billion."}
{"id": "doc1384", "text": "Same-store sales rose 6%, also better than expected. All of the companys divisions reported same-store sales growth of 4% or higher. "}
{"id": "doc1385", "text": "By division, same-store sales rose 6% at Marmaax (T.J. Maxx and Marshalls); 5% at Home Goods; 4% at TJX Canada; and 10% at TJX International.  "}
{"id": "doc1386", "text": "For the full year, net sales rose 7% to $41.7 billion and consolidated comparable store sales increased 4%. Net income was $3.3 billion, and diluted earnings per share were $2.67, a 10% increase versus $2.43 in the prior year.  "}
{"id": "doc1387", "text": "“Looking ahead to 2020, the year is off to a solid start and our global organization remains focused on bringing great values to shoppers every day,” Herrman stated. “We see plentiful opportunities for TJX in today’s retail landscape and are confident we will continue to capture market share. We look forward to many more successful years ahead and continued growth around the world.”"}
{"id": "doc1388", "text": "Herrman’s optimism was shared by Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail."}
{"id": "doc1389", "text": "“Looking ahead, we remain positive about TJX,” he commented. “While the competitive environment is intensifying in off-price, TJX stands head and shoulders above most other players. This, and a consumer mindset that remains predisposed to saving money, bodes well.” For more analysis, click here."}
{"id": "doc1390", "text": "For the first quarter TJX expects earnings per share in the range of 59 cents to 60 cents, below the 61 cents analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc1391", "text": "The Home Depot’s investments in its online and brick-and-mortar businesses are clearly paying off."}
{"id": "doc1392", "text": "The nation’s largest home improvement retailer on Tuesday reported earnings, revenue and same-store sales that beat the Street, helped by a mild winter and a solid housing market. In comments, Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said would be unfair to credit all of Home Depot’s success to market conditions."}
{"id": "doc1393", "text": "“Our data continue to show that consumers are thinking more carefully about expensive purchases, including on home improvement projects,” he said. In our view, Home Depot has excelled at making life easy for the customer by removing roadblocks on the purchase journey – something that helps it to gain market share and to stimulate spend.” For more of Saunders’ comments, click here."}
{"id": "doc1394", "text": "Home Depot reported net earnings of $2.5 billion for the quarter ended Feb. 2, compared to net earnings of $2.3 billion in the year-ago period. Earnings per share came in at $2.28, better than the $2.10 analysts had expected."}
{"id": "doc1395", "text": "Sales totaled $25.78 billion compared to sales of $26.49 billion last year. (Fiscal 2018 included an extra week of operations compared to fiscal 2019. The extra week added about $1.7 billion of sales to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.) Analysts had expected sales of $25.76 billion. Same-store sales rose 5.2%, also better than expected."}
{"id": "doc1396", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 was a record year for our business and one marked by significant progress as we invest to transform ourselves into The Home Depot of the future,” said Craig Menear, chairman, president and CEO. “Our fourth quarter results reflect strength in our core business, solid execution around our holiday events and the overall health of the consumer.”"}
{"id": "doc1397", "text": "For the full year, net income increased 1.1% to $11.2 billion. Sales rose to $110.2 billion compared to $108.2 billion in fiscal 2018. Full-year same-store sales rose 3.8%. "}
{"id": "doc1398", "text": "“We are now two years into our multi-year investment program and have more conviction than ever that our strategic initiatives are creating a value proposition that is unique to the marketplace and will extend our leadership position for years to come,” said Menear. “Through the second year of our One Home Depot investment program, we have grown sales by over $9 billion dollars – a level of growth unmatched in our market.”"}
{"id": "doc1399", "text": "Home Depot maintained its fiscal 2020 forecast. It expects total sales growth of 3.5% to 4% and same-store sales growth of 3.5% to 4%. The retailer plans to open six new stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc1400", "text": "Amazon has expanded its checkout-free, convenience store-styled Amazon Go format to the grocery space."}
{"id": "doc1401", "text": "The online giant continues to disrupt the grocery industry with the unveiling of its first checkout-free grocery store, Amazon Go Grocery, which debuted on Tuesday, in the company’s Seattle hometown. (To see a video on the new format, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc1402", "text": "The store is modeled on — and uses the same technology as — Amazon Go but on a  bigger scale. It features a larger footprint (10,400 sq. feet overall, with 7,700 sq. ft. in front of house)compared to Amazon Go stores, which range from 450 sq. ft. to 2,700 sq. ft. front of house) and a much wider assortment of product, with about 5,000 unique items."}
{"id": "doc1403", "text": "The selection at Amazon Go Grocery includes fresh produce, meat, seafood, baked goods, pet supplies and grocery and household essentials as well ready-made dinner options (signed as “Meals Made Easy”) and alcoholic beverages. A mix of organic items and conventional items from familiar brands are featured, along with local favorites from around the city and region. Every item is priced individually, which means that nothing has to be weighed. There is no meat or seafood counter and no on-site food preparation. But there are self-serve coffee and espresso stations. "}
{"id": "doc1404", "text": "In many ways, Amazon Go Grocery resembles the smaller-sized, neighborhood grocery stores that supermarket companies have been opening in urban centers. But it stands apart in its use of technology."}
{"id": "doc1405", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery uses the same “Just Walk Out” cashierless technology as Amazon Go, which opened its first store in January 2018 and now has 25 locations. "}
{"id": "doc1406", "text": "Customers must first download the Amazon Go app and then scan the QR code from the app on a turnstile at the store’s entry to enter. Once inside, they shop the same as they would at a conventional grocers."}
{"id": "doc1407", "text": "Overhead cameras and shelf sensors, assisted by artificial intelligence, track every item a shopper takes and automatically adds it to the shopper’s virtual cart (if an item is put back, it is automatically removed from the cart). Once the shoppers exits the store, their Amazon account is charged and they are sent a receipt. "}
{"id": "doc1408", "text": "Amazon’s interest in expanding further into grocery extends beyond its newest format (and beyond Whole Foods Market). In November, the company listed job openings for a grocery store concept that is expected s to open next year, in Los Angeles. It is reported to be the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores."}
{"id": "doc1409", "text": "Macy’s Inc. reported earnings and sales that beat analysts’ expectations amid a sales uptick in the days leading up to Christmas."}
{"id": "doc1410", "text": "Net income totaled $340 million, or $1.09 a share, in the quarter ended February 1, down from $740 million, or $2.37 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to $2.12, easily topping Street estimates of $1.96. "}
{"id": "doc1411", "text": "Sales fell to $8.34 billion from $8.455 billion, also ahead of the $8.32 billion analysts had expected. Same-store sales fell 0.6%, slightly less than expected. "}
{"id": "doc1412", "text": "Taken as a whole, 2019 did not play out as we intended for Macys, Inc. CEO Jeff Gennette said in a statement. However, we executed well during the Holiday 2019 season. We were pleased with the significant trend improvement in the fourth quarter, including a meaningful sales uptick in the 10 shopping days before Christmas. "}
{"id": "doc1413", "text": "Gennette added that 2020 will be a transition year as the company makes significant changes to its business. Earlier this month, Macy’s announced a major restructuring https://chainstoreage.com/macys-big-cost-cutting-moves-will-close-125-storest plan, dubbed Polaris, to restore profitability and growth. The plan includes the closing of 125 stores during the next year and a reduction of its corporate workforce.  The retailer also is accelerating its private label development, expanding its off-price Backstage concept to more locations and is testing a smaller-format concept, Market by Macy’s. "}
{"id": "doc1414", "text": "“We have a clear perspective of where Macy’s, Inc. and our brands – Macy’s, Bloomingdales, and Bluemercury – fit into American retail today,” Gennette said. "}
{"id": "doc1415", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders said that while Macy’s new Polaris strategy seems like a “sensible blueprint,” the chain has suffered by ignoring low-hanging fruit. "}
{"id": "doc1416", "text": "“Too many stores suffer from a lack of basic disciplines – merchandising is terrible and even tasks like dusting fixtures are overlooked,” said Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail. “In essence, Macy’s is still failing on retail 101 and this does not bode well for its prospects in more advanced studies.” For more of his analysis, click here. "}
{"id": "doc1417", "text": "Macy’s is maintaining its guidance for fiscal 2020. It is still expecting adjusted EPS of $2.45 to $2.65 and sales of $23.6 billion to $23.9 billion. Same-store sales are expected to be down 2.5% to down 1.5%."}
{"id": "doc1418", "text": "Walmart Inc. is debuting a service for online sellers that gives them access to the retail giant’s extensive fulfillment capabilities. "}
{"id": "doc1419", "text": "The company has started rolling out Walmart Fulfillment Services (WFS) to select sellers on its Marketplace platform. The fee-based program provides a wide array of services, including storing, picking, packing and shipping, along with the handling of returns and customer service. Participating Marketplace sellers that use WFS will have access to two-day shipping, and in the future, NextDay delivery. "}
{"id": "doc1420", "text": "WFS offers simple and transparent pricing and is one of the lowest-priced services on the market, Walmart said, with participants paying a low storage and fulfillment fee in return for a seamless and cost-effective service that is easy to use and gives them peace of mind. Notably, WFS does not include a seller monthly membership fee."}
{"id": "doc1421", "text": "“Walmart’s next-generation fulfillment network gives participating sellers a new, competitive advantage to grow their business, said Jare’ Buckley-Cox, VP,  Walmart Fulfillment Services, Walmart eCommerce. “We intentionally designed WFS together with sellers and offer benefits including two-day shipping, easy returns, dedicated customer service, and a low-cost, simple fee structure – all without a membership fee.”"}
{"id": "doc1422", "text": "In launching the new service, Walmart is taking on “Fulfillment By Amazon,” which, according to reports, is used by three out of four Amazon sellers and has been a healthy source of income for the company. "}
{"id": "doc1423", "text": "The retailer noted that, consistent with its approach for all marketplace sellers, WFS upholds its high bar for vetting potential sellers, with all sellers required to meet specific qualifications before being accepted as a viable seller. Customers will know which sellers are using WFS as the items will be marked online as “Sold by (Seller Name), fulfilled by Walmart.”"}
{"id": "doc1424", "text": "Amazons surprise opening of Amazon Go Grocery, an urban grocery store modeled on Amazon Go, drew lots of industry attention."}
{"id": "doc1425", "text": "The store, which opened in Seattle, uses the same cashierless technology as Amazon Go but on a much larger scale. "}
{"id": "doc1426", "text": "Michael Jaszczyk, CEO of GK Software USA: “Cashierless technology is clearly gaining tremendous momentum, especially as Amazon continues to push its Go technology in the grocery space. A snowball effect will take place as other grocers adopt this technology in order to deliver an excellent and frictionless customer service, especially at a time when shoppers continue to demand a faster and more convenient checkout.”"}
{"id": "doc1427", "text": "“I fully expect this trend to take hold in due time, as the momentum is only limited by retailers’ cautious approach and need to ensure a frictionless transition. The technology itself is ready for the mainstream, and we’ll soon see many more mid- and top-tier retailers experimenting with the concept.”"}
{"id": "doc1428", "text": "“Retailers must also keep in mind that this technology might not be something for all retail formats. For example, processes for weight-based items, age verification and capturing product numbers are challenges that must be solved. But otherwise, once there is a model for excellence for other retailers to learn from, we’ll see many more retailers quickly fall in line (pun only somewhat intended).”"}
{"id": "doc1429", "text": "Marcel Hollerbach, CMO, Productsup:“Amazon Go Grocery opening in Seattle today is a proof point that local retail isn’t going away. Physical real estate can be extremely valuable if utilized correctly, and the retailers who have it figured out are blending offline and online experiences to create easy and exciting purchases."}
{"id": "doc1430", "text": "“By enabling a cashless checkout, customers can avoid the inconvenience and hassle of the checkout line. In doing so, value is added to the Amazon app, which automatically charges shoppers when exiting the store."}
{"id": "doc1431", "text": "It’s a myth that sales are going completely online, but retailers need to be present for customers online first so that in-person experiences are smart and easy. Amazon is nailing this concept and considering they’re in talks with other retailers to offer similar technology, they won’t be the last."}
{"id": "doc1432", "text": "Arpit Jain, VP of delivery at Nerdery:“Smart retailers like Amazon understand that the rise of digital doesn’t mean brick-and-mortar is dead. The retail stores that have shut their doors in the last few years didn’t close because customers don’t want to shop in-store anymore, but rather because those retailers failed to improvise the shopping experience.” "}
{"id": "doc1433", "text": "“Today’s consumer expects a connection between digital and physical interactions, which makes something like a cashierless grocery store the perfect balance. It offers the speed and convenience that consumers experience from online shopping, while also allowing them to physically engage with the product before making a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc1434", "text": "“While it’s easy for retailers to focus on their e-commerce strategy, assuming stores are a lost cause, their biggest opportunity for growth is to offer the best of both worlds – physical and digital.”"}
{"id": "doc1435", "text": "The ongoing high level of data breaches and fraud innovation techniques is driving high losses for e-commerce and other types of businesses. "}
{"id": "doc1436", "text": "A new study from Juniper Research has found that e-commerce businesses along with airline ticketing, money transfer and banking services will cumulatively lose more than $200 billion to online payment fraud between 2020 and 2024. The increases will be driven by the increased sophistication of fraud attempts and the rising number of attack vectors, according to Juniper."}
{"id": "doc1437", "text": "The report, Online Payment Fraud: Emerging Threats, Segment Analysis & Market Forecasts 2020-2024, found the increasing ubiquity of digital payments provides an ever-increasing attack surface for fraudsters. The research recommends that payments industry stakeholders focus on an omnichannel fraud approach to mitigate these challenges. The approach must encompass both strict cybersecurity at access points, as well as analytics such as machine learning, to identify fraudulent behavioral patterns, Juniper advised."}
{"id": "doc1438", "text": "The research found that machine learning has become a crucial tool in the fraud detection and prevention arsenal, as it enables payments industry stakeholders to analyze transaction flows in a holistic way, unlocking hidden insights on fraudulent behaviors. The incorporation of machine learning into fraud detection and prevention software will drive spending forward, reaching $10 billion in 2024, a 15% increase on 2020."}
{"id": "doc1439", "text": "“The rapidly evolving nature of payment fraud and increased sophistication in attack methods requires machine learning adoption at scale, in order to minimize risk,” said Nick Maynard, co-author of the study. “Constant innovation in analytics and data models is increasingly essential to constraining fraudulent behaviors in payments.”"}
{"id": "doc1440", "text": "The research also found that digital money transfer is a growing area for payment fraud, with losses growing by 130% from 2020 to 2024. Digital money transfer fraud is particularly strong in emerging markets, with payments vulnerable to SIM swapping fraud and synthetic identities, with less robust security measures in place. The research therefore recommends that ongoing KYC (Know Your Customer) verification, including events-based re-verification following onboarding, are elements that are essential to secure the rising levels of digital transactions."}
{"id": "doc1441", "text": "The former leader of a rival fast-fashion giant is taking over control of Forever 21."}
{"id": "doc1442", "text": "The new owners of Forever 21 named Daniel Kulle as CEO, effective immediately. Kulle, who has more than 20 years of experience in the fashion industry, is the former president of H&M North America. Most recently, he served as strategic adviser to the former CEO of H&M Group, Karl-Johan Persson, and was part of a steering group for three new digital start-ups within the group."}
{"id": "doc1443", "text": "Throughout his two-decade-long tenure at H&M, Kulle expanded the Swedish fast-fashion retailer’s bricks-and-motor and e-commerce presence in existing and new markets across North America. Under his leadership, the company’s North American sales grew from $1 billion to $4 billion annually. He opened 600 stores as well as developed integrated e-commerce platforms in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico."}
{"id": "doc1444", "text": "“Knowing Daniel personally for several years, I’ve seen his tenacious working style first-hand,” said David Simon, chairman, CEO, and president of Simon, which, along with Authentic Brands Group and Brookfield, recently acquired the bankrupt Forever 21. “His strategic vision and experience will build on Forever 21’s heritage and undoubtedly usher in a new era for the brand. "}
{"id": "doc1445", "text": "As CEO of Forever 21, Kulle will be charged with leveraging his digital expertise to modernize the brand’s content and social media strategies. He will also work with the brand’s leadership to evolve Forever 21’s sustainability initiatives. There will also be a strategic focus on re-energizing core product categories, and integrating those offerings into the Forever 21 shopping experience both in-store and online. "}
{"id": "doc1446", "text": "Kulle will be relocating from New York to Los Angeles, home base for Forever 21. The new owners have said they plan to continue operating the chain’s 448 stores in the U.S. as well as its global locations. "}
{"id": "doc1447", "text": "“Forever 21 enjoys strong brand awareness and affinity, a clear consumer set, and quick-to-market capabilities, allowing the brand to be nimble and leverage key trends and create strong value for its customers,” said  Kulle,. “The strong ownership structure, which combines ABG’s marketing prowess with Simon and Brookfield’s retail real estate expertise, creates a foundation for long-term growth.”"}
{"id": "doc1448", "text": "A new bill in California is putting gender neutrality in the spotlight."}
{"id": "doc1449", "text": "Introduced last week, the bill, Assembly Bill 2826  CA AB2826 (19R), would require department stores (with more than 500 employees) that sell children’s clothing and shoes, toys and other childcare items to include to maintain gender-neutral areas where all products are displayed. It would take effect starting in 2023 and carry a fine of $1,000. "}
{"id": "doc1450", "text": "“Keeping similar items that are traditionally marketed either for girls or for boys separated makes it more difficult for the consumer to compare the products and incorrectly implies that their use by one gender is inappropriate,” the bill reads. "}
{"id": "doc1451", "text": "California lawmakers this year will also consider a bill that would make it illegal to charge extra for toys or other items marketed to girls and women, a practice which critics have described as the pink tax."}
{"id": "doc1452", "text": "PacSun is going bicoastal."}
{"id": "doc1453", "text": "The teen apparel retailer is opening two “landmark stores,” in Los Angeles and New York City respectively. Each location is designed to channel the energy, history and native talent of its locale, while working together to amplify PacSuns core values of a lifestyle brand, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc1454", "text": "The recently opened Los Angeles store has 5,000 sq. ft. of space and references the ongoing renaissance of the city’s downtown. The New York store, an 8,000-sq.-ft. location in an historic SoHo storefront, is slated to open on March 2."}
{"id": "doc1455", "text": "SoHo NY and Downtown LA are epicenters of fashion and art, said chief merchandising officer Brie Olson. We want to honor each citys energy by bringing the best of PacSuns design, exclusive offerings, and creative experiences straight to the source."}
{"id": "doc1456", "text": "Besides selling exclusive PacSun collaborations – including upcoming lines with Playboy and Fear Of God Essentials – the two stores will have a dedicated white space for a revolving flow of pop-up shops, workshops, performances, panels and exhibits that brands and influencers will curate on a bi-monthly basis. Interactive video screens will search and showcase PacSuns many collections. The Los Angeles location also features a dedicated denim room with 40 different denim styles."}
{"id": "doc1457", "text": "Our customers are young and informed,” said Alfred Chang, president, PacSun. Of course, digital connection is critical for our shoppers, but above convenience, PacSun fans crave community, and they use personal style and real-life experiences to help create theirs. We will continue to invest in strategic physical spaces – as well as innovations within the digital space – to provide our customers the forum for that community. Our aim is to bring the best of PacSun and the most exciting global trends and brands together in our landmark stores and digital platforms."}
{"id": "doc1458", "text": "Target’s increased focus on building its e-commerce business is paying off. "}
{"id": "doc1459", "text": "The discounter, which used to rank No. 11 in the U.S. in e-commerce sales, is now poised to bypass three competitors to become No. 8, according to a new report from eMarketer. The report shows strong growth for Target’s e-commerce business while that of Qurate Retail Group (owner of HSN and QVC) and Macy’s will decline."}
{"id": "doc1460", "text": "Target’s e-commerce business will jump 24 % in 2020 to $8.34 billion; its share of the total U.S. e-commerce market will grow to 1.2%, according to eMarketer. Target will also inch past Costco this year, with only $10 million in online sales separating the two companies."}
{"id": "doc1461", "text": "Despite Target’s growth, the discounter and the other eight retailers in the top remain far behind Amazon, which is projected to capture 38.7% of U.S. online sales this year, up from 37.3% in 2019.  "}
{"id": "doc1462", "text": "Amazon also is far ahead of its closest competitor, Walmart, which has a 5.3% share. (A list of the top 10 e-commerce retailers is at the end of article.) In total, eMarketer projects that Amazon will capture 4.6% of total retail sales, both online and offline."}
{"id": "doc1463", "text": "“At a time when brick-and-mortar stores are struggling to keep up with the fast-changing retail landscape, Target seems to have hit the bullseye,” eMarketer forecasting analyst Cindy Liu said. “Store renovations and expanding same-day fulfillment options, such as in-store pickup, drive-up and delivery with Shipt, are paying off. Target has found a way to use its stores to fulfill online orders while keeping up with customer demands for convenience and speed.”"}
{"id": "doc1464", "text": "Macys will fall to No.10 and see its e-commerce market share drop to 1.1% from 1.2% in 2019, even though its online business continues to grow. Qurate’s online sales will decline for the second year in a row, dropping out of the top 10 for the first time."}
{"id": "doc1465", "text": "“The softening apparel market is adding pressure to both Qurate and Macy’s, whose main product lines are made up of apparel and fashion,” Liu said. “As these two retailers struggle to meet the demands of consumers and fail to pull in new shoppers, we will see other retailers capitalize on their share declines this year.”"}
{"id": "doc1466", "text": "Other retailers on the top 10 list are also losing share. eBay and Apple will both see their shares of the US e-commerce market drop slightly in 2020. Meanwhile, Amazon’s share will grow to 38.7%."}
{"id": "doc1467", "text": "Davids Bridal is promising customers their dresses will arrive in time for the big day."}
{"id": "doc1468", "text": "In the wake of reports that the coronavirus outbreak will slow shipments of wedding dresses (China is a leading supplier of wedding gowns), the retailer announced on Monday that its orders have not been impacted by the coronavirus and will arrive before customer event dates. Davids Bridal said that all of its factories — about half of which are in China — are open for business and none of its employees have been reported ill due to coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc1469", "text": "We know how stressful a delayed order can be to a bride, so Im here to unequivocally say that every customer will have the dress of her dreams in time, before her event date,” said Jim Marcum, CEO of Davids Bridal."}
{"id": "doc1470", "text": "The company cited its proprietary supply chain and broad selection of in-store and distribution center inventory as putting it in a unique position to be able to guarantee customer orders. The retailer said it has more than 300,000 bridal gowns and a broad assortment of bridesmaids dresses available for customers to shop and take home immediately, which sets it apart from every other bridal boutique and wholesaler. Additionally, the company plans to continue air-freighting gowns as needed to ensure customer orders arrive for the customers event."}
{"id": "doc1471", "text": "Modell’s is struggling to keep its 130-year-old family business alive."}
{"id": "doc1472", "text": "The regional sporting goods retailer is closing 24 and is considering offering a minority stake in the company as it looks at various options to keep afloat, CEO Mitchell Modell told Fox Business. (Modell’s has about 150 stores as of January.) The stores scheduled to close include five in New Jersey, eight in New York and four in Pennsylvania, the report said, with the remaining ones in Washington, D.C., and New England. "}
{"id": "doc1473", "text": "The Fox interview comes on the heels of a report by the Wall Street Journal  that said the retailer had hired financial advisers following a disappointing holiday season. Modell’s chief told the Journal that the company had stopped paying an unspecified number of landlords and some of its vendors as well as it started discussions with suppliers in an effort to prevent bleeding out cash."}
{"id": "doc1474", "text": "Sporting goods retailers have not had an easy time of it in recent years, challenged by online and discount competition. Among the chains that have shut down operations are Sports Chalet, Sports Authority and City Sports."}
{"id": "doc1475", "text": "To read the full Fox Business story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc1476", "text": "Bob’s Discount Furniture is having a busy February."}
{"id": "doc1477", "text": "The furniture chain is celebrating the grand opening of four new stores. New Bob’s stores have opened in Florence, Ky.; Dayton, Ohio; Colerain, Ohio and Rockford, Ill.; in addition to a store relocation in Norwalk, Conn."}
{"id": "doc1478", "text": "Bob’s stores are designed to provide a unique and fun shopping experience. They include cafes offering complimentary gourmet coffee, ice cream, cookies, and candy. Bob’s is committed to supporting local communities through a variety of charitable giving efforts. Additionally, the Bob’s Outreach program was created as a separate entity to help schools and children-related charities."}
{"id": "doc1479", "text": "With 126 stores across 20 states, the Manchester, Conn.-based Bob’s has become the 11th-largest U.S. furniture chain."}
{"id": "doc1480", "text": "Citi Trends has found a permanent chief executive. "}
{"id": "doc1481", "text": "The value-priced, urban apparel and home goods retailer appointed David Makuen as CEO and board member, effective March 9. He will succeed Peter Sachse, who has served as interim CEO since December. Sachse has been named executive chairman, also effective March 9."}
{"id": "doc1482", "text": "Most recently, Makuen served as executive VP of marketing, strategy, and e-commerce for Five Below. Prior to joining Five Below in 2012, Makuen served as the founder and president of BuiltBurger.com. Before that, he was VP, marketing at Eddie Bauer, from 2005 to 2009. He held the same position at Ann Taylor, from 2002 to 2004."}
{"id": "doc1483", "text": "“David’s proven leadership experience along with his unique skillset gives us confidence that he is the right leader to drive Citi Trends’ long-term strategic plan to reach sales of $1.0 billion by 2022 and an earnings per share CAGR of 20%-25%,” said board chairman Brian Carney."}
{"id": "doc1484", "text": "In November, Citi Trends said it was accelerating its focus away from apparel and moving to expanded home assortments throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc1485", "text": "Kirkland’s reported declining sales for its fourth quarter and full year, but was buoyed by a surge in e-commerce growth.  "}
{"id": "doc1486", "text": "The home décor retailer, which recently announced it was closing some stores as part of a larger streamlining effort to transform its business to a more profitable model, reported net sales of $209.4 million for the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $216.1 million in the year-ago period. "}
{"id": "doc1487", "text": "Comparable store sales, including e-commerce sales, decreased 2.7% compared to a decrease of 3.3% in the prior year. Kirklands did not open or close any stores during the period."}
{"id": "doc1488", "text": "Net sales for the 52 weeks ended February 1, 2020 were $603.9 million compared with $647.1 million for the previous year. Comparable store sales, including e-commerce sales, decreased 7.1%. "}
{"id": "doc1489", "text": "The enhancements we are making to the merchandise assortment are gaining traction with customers, and we are seeing the benefit in the sequential comparable sales improvement through the second half of the year, said Woody Woodward, CEO, Kirkland’s. Weaker sales in November were followed by a stronger December and January, led by an increase in e-commerce revenues of 38%. With $30 million in cash at year-end, no debt, a more streamlined infrastructure and store closures in February and March, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to execute on improving the relevancy and quality of our assortment."}
{"id": "doc1490", "text": "Kirklands will issue its earnings release for the fourth quarter before the market opens on Friday, March 13, 2020. The company had 432 stores at year-end."}
{"id": "doc1491", "text": "Gap Inc. wants its customers to clean out their closets."}
{"id": "doc1492", "text": "The retailer is partnering with resale platform ThredUp to encourage customers to turn in their used clothes in exchange for credits that can be redeemed at Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta or Janie and Jack stores. With the collaboration, Gap Inc. will be the largest retailer to participate in ThredUp’s resale-as-a-service online platform, which partners with retailers to get customers to “clean out” their closets to support the circular fashion economy which helps divert waste from landfills."}
{"id": "doc1493", "text": "“As the resale revolution continues to gain momentum, participating in re-commerce is not only good for our planet, but good for business,” said Mark Breitbard, president, Gap Inc. Specialty Brands. “Our customers are diversifying their closets, whether with new clothing, rental pieces, or secondhand goods. We’re thrilled to partner with ThredUp in offering a sustainable and innovative way to shop for the closet of the future.”"}
{"id": "doc1494", "text": "Customers who redeem their credits at any of the Gap Inc. brands will receive an additional 15% payout bonus. Starting in April, ThredUp “clean out” bags or labels will be available to customers at select Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta and Janie and Jack stores in the U.S., providing a convenient way to send in unwanted items for consignment. This will be the largest distribution of ThredUp Clean Out bags and labels to date under the company’s RAAS platform."}
{"id": "doc1495", "text": "According to ThredUp’s annual Resale Report, the equivalent of one garbage truck of textiles is landfilled or incinerated every second, and 56 million women bought secondhand products in 2018 – which is almost half of the entire female adult population in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc1496", "text": "Customers who redeem their credits at Gap Inc. brands will receive an additional 15% payout bonus. Starting in April, ThredUp Clean Out bags or labels will be available to customers at select Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta and Janie and Jack stores in the US, providing a convenient way to send in unwanted items for consignment. This will be the largest distribution of ThredUp Clean Out bags and labels to date under the company’s RAAS platform."}
{"id": "doc1497", "text": "Gap Inc. is working toward the goal of diverting more than 30 million pounds of material annually from landfills, while innovating to optimize packaging and reduce volume, lowering business costs, and supporting industry-wide change. The company currently diverts nearly 50% of waste generated from its North American facilities."}
{"id": "doc1498", "text": "Focus Brands has tapped a Hilton veteran as its new chief executive."}
{"id": "doc1499", "text": "The parent company of Auntie Annes, Carvel, Cinnabon, Jamba, Moes Southwest Grill, McAlisters Deli, Schlotzskys and Seattles Best Coffee (in certain military bases and in certain international markets) appointed Jim Holthouser as CEO, effective immediately. He succeeds Steve DeSutter, who is retiring after serving as the companys CEO for nearly six years. "}
{"id": "doc1500", "text": "Holthouser, who brings more than 30 years of experience in worldwide brand development, concept innovation, franchise management and digital marketing, most recently served as executive VP, global brands, marketing and loyalty at Hilton Worldwide, where he was responsible for Hiltons entire portfolio of 13 brands with over 5,000 hotels across 105 countries, generating annual revenues of $36 billion. He spent more than 20 years at Hilton in various strategic and brand management roles and has a proven track record of spearheading the launch, development, and repositioning of leading consumer brands."}
{"id": "doc1501", "text": "Jim is a results-oriented leader with a demonstrated history of partnering with team members and franchisees to drive results, said Steve Romaniello, chairman, Focus Brands, which operates more than 6,000 restaurants, cafes, ice cream shops, and bakeries in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and over 50 foreign countries. His track record of managing multi-branded portfolios and growing brands is impressive and gives us great confidence that he is ideally suited to lead Focus Brands in its next phase of growth.”"}
{"id": "doc1502", "text": "Victoria’s Secret is going private. And the retail industry is losing its longest-serving chief executive."}
{"id": "doc1503", "text": "L Brands confirmed it is selling the majority (55%) stake in struggling Victorias Secret (including the Pink brand and Victorias Secret Beauty) to private equity firm Sycamore Partners for about $525 million. L Brands will retain a 45% minority stake in the company. Under the terms of the transaction, Victorias Secret has a total enterprise value of $1.1 billion."}
{"id": "doc1504", "text": "The deal means that L Brands will now be responsible only for running its other division, Bath & Body Works, which has been outperforming Victoria’s Secret for some time. Once the transaction closes, L Brands CEO Les Wexner, 82, will step down from his post, staying on as chairman emeritus. "}
{"id": "doc1505", "text": "Wexner, a pioneer of mall-based specialty store retailing and L Brands largest shareholder, is the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company. He opened his first store, The Limited, in 1963, and went on to grow a global retail empire. In 1982, Wexner bought Victorias Secret, a small lingerie chain on the verge of bankruptcy, for $1 million."}
{"id": "doc1506", "text": "Most recently, he has come under scrutiny for his ties to the late financier Jeffrey Epstein, who was indicted on sex-trafficking charges,  and the performance of Victoria’s Secret, whose sales have been declining since 2017.  The chain has been criticized for being out of touch with changing consumer tastes amid new competitors that stress diversity and inclusivity. "}
{"id": "doc1507", "text": "“Les Wexner is a retail legend who has built incredible brands that are household names around the globe,” Allan Tessler, lead independent board director, L Brands."}
{"id": "doc1508", "text": "His leadership through this transition exemplifies his commitment to further growth of Bath & Body Works and Victoria’s Secret and driving overall shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc1509", "text": "L Brands said it plans to use the proceeds of the deal to pay down debt."}
{"id": "doc1510", "text": "“We believe this structure will allow Bath & Body Works – which represents the vast majority of 2019 consolidated operating income – to continue to achieve strong growth and receive its appropriate market valuation,” Wexner said. We believe the separation of Victoria’s Secret Lingerie, Victoria’s Secret Beauty and Pink into a privately held company provides the best path to restoring these businesses to their historic levels of profitability and growth. Sycamore, which has deep experience in the retail industry and a superior track record of success, will bring a fresh perspective and greater focus to the business.”"}
{"id": "doc1511", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that the sale could have avoided if L Brands had taken decisive action on Victorias Secret a long time ago. "}
{"id": "doc1512", "text": "That it didn’t cost the company what was once a key brand and has diminished its sale value, he said. Ultimately, that is the price of being asleep in a market that has become more woke.  For more analysis, click here. "}
{"id": "doc1513", "text": "Upon the close of the transaction, Andrew Meslow, currently COO of Bath & Body Works, will become CEO of L Brands and will join its board. Meslow, who joined L Brands in 2003, has 29 years of experience in the retail industry, the last 15 at Bath & Body Works."}
{"id": "doc1514", "text": "Nick Coe, the current CEO of Bath & Body Works, has been named vice chairman of Bath & Body Works brand strategy and new ventures. In Coe’s new role, he will focus more intently on the strategic position of the business, the evolution of the brand, product development and new ventures/acquisitions."}
{"id": "doc1515", "text": "“For nearly nine years, Nick and Andrew have been a powerful combination, driving the Bath & Body Works brand to more than $5 billion in sales with best-in-class profitability,” Wexner stated. “We are pleased to name Andrew as CEO of Bath & Body Works and have Nick step into this new, more focused role as the team propels the brand and business forward.”"}
{"id": "doc1516", "text": "Nike is getting a new CFO and a new COO."}
{"id": "doc1517", "text": "The athletic footwear and apparel giant named Andy Campion, current executive VP and CFO, as COO, effective April 1. He will replace Eric Sprunk, who is leaving the company."}
{"id": "doc1518", "text": "In other changes, Matthew Friend, currently CFO of operating segments and VP of investor relations at Nike, has been appointed as CFO. Heidi O’Neill, president of Nike Direct, will become president of consumer and marketplace on April 1, succeeding Elliott Hill, who is leaving Nike. The leadership changes are the first under new chief executive John Donahoe, who replaced longtime Nike CEO Mark Parker on Jan. 13 (Parker was named executive chairman). A Nike board member, Donahoe is the former CEO of eBay. "}
{"id": "doc1519", "text": "“I am delighted to announce a series of leadership changes today which set up the company for continued growth and demonstrate the strength of the Nike management bench,” said  Donahoe. “Heidi and Andy’s leadership has been instrumental in both evolving and driving Nike’s strategy over the last decade. “In their new roles, we will see them have even greater impact on Nike’s success in the future.”"}
{"id": "doc1520", "text": "It’s a new day, hopefully, for Forever 21. "}
{"id": "doc1521", "text": "The sale of the bankrupt fast-fashion retailer to brand management and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group, Simon Property Group and Brookfield Property Partners for $81.1 million has been finalized. Under the terms of the deal, ABG and Simon will each own 37.5% and Brookfield will own 25% of Forever 21’s intellectual property and operating businesses.  (The real purchase price of the deal is arguably much higher — around $300 million — when factoring in the liabilities that the buyers had agreed to assume, reported WWD.)"}
{"id": "doc1522", "text": "The new owners will maintain Forever 21’s headquarters in Los Angeles, as well as its e-commerce business. According to a report by Bloomberg, the owners also plan to keep most of the chain’s 448 U.S. stores open under the leadership of a new CEO that will be announced when the company emerges from Chapter 11."}
{"id": "doc1523", "text": "Forever 21 will convert its current, owned-store operations in Central America, South America, Mexico, the Philippines, and the Caribbean to a licensed partnership model. The new owners also plan to work with existing and new partners to expand Forever 21 across key territories, including South America, Western and Eastern Europe, China, Southeast Asia, Middle East, and India."}
{"id": "doc1524", "text": "“Forever 21 is a powerful retail brand with incredible consumer reach and a wealth of untapped potential,” said Jamie Salter, founder, chairman, and CEO of ABG. “We’re looking forward to working with the F21 team and our global partners. Together, we’ll revitalize the brand’s core business and connect with audiences around the world through new product offerings and experiences.”"}
{"id": "doc1525", "text": "ABG, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, said it will leverage its marketing expertise and global network of partners to inject new life into Forever 21, with an emphasis on trend-conscious design, speed to market, and moving towards a more sustainable supply chain. The strategy will focus on engaging Gen Z audiences by introducing refreshed creative, targeted digital campaigns, and influential collaborations. ABC manages a large portfolio of apparel and fashion brands, ranging from Juicy Couture and Vince Camuto to Jones New York and Nautica."}
{"id": "doc1526", "text": "Walmart Inc. reported disappointing holiday results as a shorter shopping season and weak demand for toys, video games and apparel cut into its results."}
{"id": "doc1527", "text": "The retail giant on Tuesday reported fourth-quarter sales and earnings that missed Street expectations along with a 2021 earnings outlook that was also less than expected. In a statement, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said that U.S. store sales leading up to Christmas were a “little softer” than expected. The retailer’s results were also impacted by political unrest in Chile, which negatively impacted its operating income by about $110 million."}
{"id": "doc1528", "text": "“The fourth quarter started and ended strong with solid sales growth through Cyber Monday and in January,” stated Brett Biggs, CFO, Walmart. “In the few weeks before Christmas, we experienced some softness in a few general merchandise categories in our U.S. stores.”"}
{"id": "doc1529", "text": "“We believe the compressed holiday season, softer toy industry sales, a lack of newness in gaming, and some assortment challenges in apparel contributed to the decline,” the company said in a presentation."}
{"id": "doc1530", "text": "In reporting disappointing holiday results, Walmart was by no means alone. Both Target and Kohl’s also came up short for the 2019 holiday."}
{"id": "doc1531", "text": "Walmart reported net income of $4.14 billion, or $1.45 cents a share, for the quarter ended Jan. 31, compared with $3.69 billion, or $1.27, for the year-ago period. Excluding one-time items, Walmart earned $1.38 a share, missing analysts’ expectations of $1.43 per share."}
{"id": "doc1532", "text": "Revenue increased 2.1% to $141.67 billion, missing analysts’ expectations of $142.49 billion. Same-store U.S. sales rose 1.9%, missing expectations of 2.3%."}
{"id": "doc1533", "text": "Walmart said its U.S. grocery sales were strong throughout the quarter. The company said that its grocery sales on a two-year stacked basis were “the best in the past 10 years.”"}
{"id": "doc1534", "text": "E-commerce sales rose 35% during the quarter, fueled by online grocery. Walmart ended 2019 with 3,200 grocery pickup locations and 1,600 grocery delivery locations across its U.S. stores."}
{"id": "doc1535", "text": "Walmart’s earnings guidance for fiscal 2021 guidance of $5.00 to $5.15 per share was below Street estimates of $5.22. (The forecast excludes any potential financial effect from the coronavirus outbreak in China.)"}
{"id": "doc1536", "text": "The company said it expects online sales to grow about 30%, down from last year’s growth of 37%. "}
{"id": "doc1537", "text": "The overwhelming majority (90%) of retailers will make some changes to how they market in 2020 because of the presidential election. But only 40% of Americans say the election will impact the brands they shop."}
{"id": "doc1538", "text": "That’s according to RetailMeNot’s 2020 Retailer Playbook, which examines consumer preferences and retail marketers strategies for the new decade. In other findings, 82% of Americans would rather receive free shipping than expedited shipping, and 51% are willing to wait longer for eco-friendly shipping options from retailers like Amazon. But once cost becomes a factor, 70% prefer the lowest price over environmental impact. "}
{"id": "doc1539", "text": "Here are the top expectations and retailer challenges for 2020 as noted in the RetailMeNot report.  1. Politics will impact retailer strategies, but consumers dont care as much as retailers expect. 2. Consumers would rather get free shipping over expedited shipping, putting more pressure on retailers to offer competitive shipping deals. 3. Shoppers prefer the lowest shipping cost over an eco-friendly shipping option. 4. To avoid paying for shipping, most consumers would go in-store to purchase an item. 5. Consumers expect retailers to provide expedited shipping options during the holiday season, resulting in less pressure to shop early 6. White-glove concierge service is a nice to have — for now.  7. Retailers are peeling back their investments in mobile and social advertising. 8. Credit card rewards are undercutting retail loyalty programs. 9. Few consumers have signed up for subscription services, despite early adoption by millennials. 10. Amazon Prime Day may be the new Black Friday, with consumers saying they found better deals in July 2019 than on the historic shopping day in November."}
{"id": "doc1540", "text": "In more shipping findings, 81% of Americans expect retailers to offer more expedited shipping options during the holidays in 2020. Exacerbating the situation, 44% of consumers admit they will shop later in the 2020 holiday season because they know they can receive items faster. Procrastinators will pose a major challenge for many brands as 63% of retailers struggle to keep up with shipping deals offered by their competitors."}
{"id": "doc1541", "text": "In other findings from RetailMeNot:• Forty-eight percent of retailers are more willing to take a public stand on social values in 2020. • Fifty-six percent are being more conscious of any political connections that can be made to what they post on social channels. •    Forty-four percent are designing marketing materials to tie the election into what they are selling •    Forty-three percent are having a sale  related to Election Day "}
{"id": "doc1542", "text": "Our 2020 trends show the continued changing preferences of consumers and the power they still hold over retailers, said Sara Skirboll, shopping and trends expert at RetailMeNot. For example, RetailMeNot found at the beginning of 2019 that retailers were bullish about voice-assisted shopping but as the year unfolded, only 16% of consumers reported ever buying a product via their smart home speakers. As a result, only 38% of retailers plan to implement a voice-assisted shopping strategy this year.  "}
{"id": "doc1543", "text": "Click here to view the full 2020 Playbook."}
{"id": "doc1544", "text": "Savings come in all shapes and sizes for a company the size of Walmart. "}
{"id": "doc1545", "text": "The discounter estimates it will save $60 million annually by changing its buying process for shopping bags, CFO Brett Biggs said during a meeting with investors in New York, reported CNBC. Walmart is also cutting the cost of the vests that its store associates wear by 15% by making them out of recyclable materials."}
{"id": "doc1546", "text": "Walmart is also on track to save $100 million annually by centralizing how it maintains the equipment in its stores to be more energy-efficient, according to Biggs, the report said."}
{"id": "doc1547", "text": "“You can take a lot of small projects ... You can scale them across the business, and they can lead to impressive savings,” Briggs said. “We are bending the curve on expenses.”"}
{"id": "doc1548", "text": "To read the full CNBC report, click here."}
{"id": "doc1549", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has begun to focus on its core assets — and streamline its portfolio — as the company moves to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc1550", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 of approximately $350 million to $400 million, primarily for investments in stores, IT and digital projects, and supply chain infrastructure. Bed Bath & Beyond also plans to spend about $600 million this fiscal year on share repurchases, dividends and debt reduction. "}
{"id": "doc1551", "text": "The financial strength of our business allows us to take the important steps needed to return capital to our shareholders and reduce our debt, while at the same time also investing in our customer,” said Mark Tritton, who was tapped as president and CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond in November. “This balanced approach to the use of our capital is expected to enhance shareholder value, improve the in-store and online experience and position our company to achieve our long-term objectives to deliver sustainable growth."}
{"id": "doc1552", "text": "The company also announced it has agreed to sell its PersonalizationMall.com business to 1-800-Flowers.com for $252 million. Tritton described the move as “another important step towards simplifying our portfolio and deepening our focus on our core home, baby and beauty businesses.”"}
{"id": "doc1553", "text": "“By unlocking valuable capital from within our business, we can accelerate the companys ongoing business transformation and our efforts to re-establish Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space,” he added. "}
{"id": "doc1554", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond noted it has a strong cash position, including the expected net proceeds from the Personalization.com sale, proceeds from the sale-leaseback transaction announced in January and anticipated cash from operations."}
{"id": "doc1555", "text": "The retailer also said it would continue to review its other brands, which include Christmas Tree Shops, World Market and buybuy Baby, and real estate “to support the transformation and enhance shareholder value.” Last week, Bed Bath & Beyond gave a fourth-quarter update in which Tritton warned of “short-term pain” in its efforts to stabilize its business."}
{"id": "doc1556", "text": "1-800-Flowers, which owns a variety of gift brands, including Harry & David, Moose Munch, The Popcorn Factory, Wolferman’s, Cheryl’s Cookies and more, has been steadily expanding its portfolio. Last summer, it was the successful bidder at an auction for bankrupt Shari’s Berries."}
{"id": "doc1557", "text": "“PersonalizationMall’s extensive product offering and industry-leading personalization capabilities will be an excellent addition to our growing family of popular gifting brands,” said Chris McCann, CEO, 1-800-Flowers. “The broad assortment of customizable products and processes that have made PersonalizationMall.com a premier provider of keepsake items will help us further our company’s vision to inspire more human expression, connection and celebration while enhancing our position as the leading one-stop destination for all our customers’ celebratory and gifting occasions.”"}
{"id": "doc1558", "text": "McCann noted that personalizationMall.com has achieved steady financial growth for the past several years, with revenues reaching more than $150 million in its most recent year. "}
{"id": "doc1559", "text": "“We expect PersonalizationMall.com to be accretive to our top and bottom-line results in fiscal 2021,” he said."}
{"id": "doc1560", "text": "PersonalizationMall.com will continue to provide product and personalization services to Bed Bath & Beyond and buybuy Baby after the close of the sale."}
{"id": "doc1561", "text": "Americans are leaving a lot of money on the table. "}
{"id": "doc1562", "text": "While gift cards topped holiday wish lists, half of U.S. adults currently hold unredeemed gift cards or store credits, including airline redemption vouchers, according to a new survey by Bankrate.com, with the average unredeemed amount totally $167. Collectively, this represents $21 billion in untouched money. "}
{"id": "doc1563", "text": "Among those with unused gift cards or store credits, 57% have held onto at least one of them for more than a year. Gen Z is more likely than any other generation to hold onto their gift card for more than 365 days (70% vs. 56% of those who are older)."}
{"id": "doc1564", "text": "Those sitting on a mound of unredeemed value include high-income households ($80,000plus+, $297 credit on average), parents with children under 18 ($274 average), and millennials (ages 24-39, $234 average). Gen X (ages 40-55) and low-income households (under $30,000) are the least likely to leave gift cards on the table (46%, and 41%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc1565", "text": "Here are other findings from the Bankrate.com survey.• More than one-third (36%) of those with unused funds say they won’t use all their gift cards/store credits, including 23% who plan to use most of their unredeemed cards, 9% who said only a few, and 4% who plan to spend none."}
{"id": "doc1566", "text": "• One-quarter of U.S. adults allowed a gift card to expire at some point, 23% re-gifted, 22% lost and 8% resold at least one gift card. Millennials are more likely to re-gift their gift cards (27%), while Gen Z (ages 18-23) is more likely to have lost one (33%). "}
{"id": "doc1567", "text": "After several years of trying to right its business, Pier 1 Imports faces an uncertain future."}
{"id": "doc1568", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, with plans to use the process to complete its previously announced a plan to shutter up to 450 stores (nearly half of its portfolio), which includes the closure of all its locations in Canada. Pier 1 also said it is pursuing a sale of the company. "}
{"id": "doc1569", "text": " Pier I said it is in discussions with multiple potential buyers that could acquire the retailer out of bankruptcy. Pending court approval, the company expects the deadline to submit qualified bids will be on or around March 23."}
{"id": "doc1570", "text": "To date, Pier 1 has closed or started going-out-business sales at more than 400 locations. A&G Realty Partners, which is assisting the retailer with its store closings and lease modifications, published a full list of the locations closing here. The company also is closing two distribution centers to reflect its downsized store footprint."}
{"id": "doc1571", "text": "Pier 1’s filing was not unexpected and follows nine consecutive quarters of sales declines amid increased competition from the likes of  Wayfair and Amazon, off-pricers such as Home Goods and traditional retailers, notably Walmart and Target, which have both expanded their home décor offerings. Sales in Pier 1’s most recent quarter fell 13% to $358 million as store traffic dropped. The company also reported a net loss of $59 million for the quarter, which ended Nov. 30."}
{"id": "doc1572", "text": "“In recent months, we have taken significant steps forward in our business transformation and cost-reduction initiatives,” said Robert Riesbeck, who was tapped as CEO of Pier 1 in November. “We have worked to establish an appropriately sized and profitable store footprint, operating structure and merchandise assortment that will enable Pier 1 to better serve our customers across store and online channels. Today’s actions are intended to provide Pier 1 with additional time and financial flexibility as we now work to unlock additional value for our stakeholders through a sale of the company.”"}
{"id": "doc1573", "text": "As to what retailers stand to benefit the most from Pier 1s downfall, the most likely candidate appears to be Walmart, according to foot traffic analytics platform Placer.ai.  In January, Placer.ai  reported that it saw “a huge opportunity for Walmart to take advantage of Pier 1’s closings  — with their massive stores, huge distribution and the ability to quickly fill in stock.”"}
{"id": "doc1574", "text": "Pier 1 has secured approximately $256 million in debtor-in-possession financing from Bank of America N.A., Wells Fargo National Association, and Pathlight Capital LP. Following court approval, the company expects this financing, together with cash flows from operations, to provide ample liquidity to support continued operations and the sale process through the Chapter 11 process."}
{"id": "doc1575", "text": " Piers 1s remaining stores and its online site are open for business as usual, and the company will continue to serve our customers regardless of how and where they shop with the style, value and selection of merchandise they want as we move through this process, and we are committed to working seamlessly with our vendors and partners,”  Riesbeck said. "}
{"id": "doc1576", "text": "“Looking at the most recent 10-Q, equity holders are unlikely to receive any form of recovery as sales proceeds will likely be insufficient to cover creditor claims, particularly after giving effect to the $256 million in debtor-in-possession financing now sitting at the top of the capital structure,” Seeking Alpha reports."}
{"id": "doc1577", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1578", "text": "Francesca’s Holdings Corp. has ended its search for a permanent chief executive."}
{"id": "doc1579", "text": "The Houston-based accessories and apparel retailer appointed Andrew Clarke as president, CEO and a member of the board, effective March 9. Clarke will replace Michael Prendergast who was named interim CEO in February 2019 on the heels of the abrupt departure of Steve Lawrence to pursue “other opportunities.” (Lawrence was subsequently named executive VP and chief merchandising officer of Academy Sports + Outdoors.)"}
{"id": "doc1580", "text": "Clarke, who brings 25 years of specialty retail experience to Francesca’s, most recently served as president of Loft, which is owned by Ascena Retail Group.  Prior to that, he was executive VP, chief merchandising officer at Justice, also owned by Ascena Retail Group."}
{"id": "doc1581", "text": "Previously, Clarke held various merchandising leadership positions at Kmart, Pimkie, a $1 billion women’s fashion brand owned by French retail conglomerate, Mulliez, Marks & Spencer, and New Look Retailers, a $3 billion fast fashion apparel retailer in based in Europe."}
{"id": "doc1582", "text": "“After a thoughtful and extensive search, we are delighted to be welcoming Andrew to lead Francesca’s into the next phase of our turnaround,” said Rich Emmett, chairman, Francesca’s. “We believe Andrew’s proven track record in specialty retail, including successful transformation initiatives, combined with his experience across merchandising, sourcing, planning & allocation, and consumer insights, make him an excellent choice to lead the Francesca’s Brand.”"}
{"id": "doc1583", "text": "In early 2019, Francesca’s, which has struggled amid online competition and fast fashion upstarts, announced it was undertaking a strategic review, whose options included a possible sale. But in August, the company announced that it had completed the review and believed the interest of its shareholders were best served “at this time” by focusing on the execution of its turnaround plan."}
{"id": "doc1584", "text": "For its third quarter, ended Nov.2, Francesca’s reported net sales of $95.5 million, basically flat with the year-ago period, with a 1% increase in same-store sales. "}
{"id": "doc1585", "text": "“We were pleased with our third quarter results which reflect our progress in the execution of our turnaround plan,” Prendergast said in the company’s earnings release. “The strides we have made in building a foundation to execute a fast-fashion model through a flatter and more nimble organization led to an inflection point in our comparable sales. We believe that the high single-digit growth in conversion rate is a clear illustration that our merchandising strategy is resonating with our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc1586", "text": "As of February 17, 2020, Francescas operated approximately 711 stores nationwide.  "}
{"id": "doc1587", "text": "A company that describes itself as the U.K.’s fastest-growing bricks-and-mortar retailer is expanding to the U.S. market."}
{"id": "doc1588", "text": "Founded in 2009, Wren Kitchens has 90 showrooms across the U.K., and will make its U.S. debut this summer, opening a location in Milford, Conn., on the site of a former Babies “R” Us site. Several more openings are planned throughout the year in the Northeast."}
{"id": "doc1589", "text": "At 31,465 sq. ft., the Milford store will feature more than 100 kitchen displays. It will include the use of 3D virtual reality to bring customers dream kitchens to life, kitchen design tools and an array remodel options to create a tailored kitchen to suit every customers life."}
{"id": "doc1590", "text": "In line with its planned expansion, Wren Kitchens will open its first U.S. manufacturing facility this spring, in Hanover Industrial States, in Northeast Pennsylvania, with future plans of also developing its headquarters in the state. The 252,000-sq.ft- center will encompass state-of-the-art machinery and assembling facilities, according to the company. "}
{"id": "doc1591", "text": "Were excited to bring our vertically integrated model to the United States, the largest home improvement market in the world,” said a Wren Kitchens spokesperson. Its imperative to offer our customers a first-class experience, and that starts in our showrooms. We invest heavily in them to offer the latest styles and a truly experiential visit where they can see their kitchen in virtual reality.” "}
{"id": "doc1592", "text": "Wren Kitchens is a family business, and manufactures all kitchens in its own factories. Many kitchens are delivered fully built, with doors, drawers and wirework pre-installed, delivered by Wrens fleet of trucks."}
{"id": "doc1593", "text": "Happy Socks has landed in Manhattan’s Union Square."}
{"id": "doc1594", "text": "The 753 sq. ft. store is the Swedish legware import’s fifth location in New York City, and eighth in the U.S. overall. The upbeat and cheerful interior is designed to reflect brand’s signature playful image and its array of colorful and eclectic socks."}
{"id": "doc1595", "text": "“This small strip on Broadway, just next to Union Square, is a shopping destination and an important spot for our brand to be on,” said Aleksandar Milenkovic, head of retail at Happy Socks, which operates 125 stores globally. “Its very rare to find vacancies here and when we got the opportunity, we jumped on it. We will use the space to create an inspiring store with parts of our new concept showcasing the full range.” "}
{"id": "doc1596", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliances is putting the spotlight on its global sustainability initiatives including progress in energy efficiency.  "}
{"id": "doc1597", "text": "The company’s 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Report details its work around the world to improve healthcare access, offer support programs for patients with cancer and reduce its carbon footprint. "}
{"id": "doc1598", "text": "“Our purpose at WBA is to help people live healthier and happier lives,” said Ornella Barra, WBA’s co-COO and the chairman of the company’s corporate social responsibility committee. “Everyone deserves the opportunity to fulfill his or her potential, regardless of where one lives. That’s why we mobilize our incredible employees and invest resources in issues that impact our patients, customers and society."}
{"id": "doc1599", "text": "Some of the highlights with regards to energy-efficiency progress in the U.S. Walgreens division include:"}
{"id": "doc1600", "text": "• Investments in fiscal 2019 included $146 million in HVAC units and LED interior lighting retrofits across nearly 2,000 stores, with energy-saving per store of 45% to 50%;"}
{"id": "doc1601", "text": "• Recognition by the Department of Energy Advanced Roof Top Unit (RTU) Campaign for achieving the greatest number of high-efficiency RTU installations and advanced RTU control retrofits for a large portfolio owner. The company installed more than 4,300 RTUs with high-efficiency units and controls, for an annual energy savings of 39M+ kWh;"}
{"id": "doc1602", "text": "• Ongoing installation of wireless lighting control systems in its stores, with the systems providing an additional 25% reduction in energy use; and"}
{"id": "doc1603", "text": "• Ongoing replacement of refrigeration equipment with installations that use lower GWP refrigerants. Across Walgreens stores, all new immediate-consumption refrigerators, which are smaller beverage units near check-out counters, use natural refrigerants. (The commercial market in the U.S. presents challenges in regard to conversion of walk-in refrigerated cases to ultra-low GWP refrigerants.)"}
{"id": "doc1604", "text": "Waste ManagementWalgreens brought the zero-waste to landfill program to its corporate campus in Deerfield, Ill., following a waste stream audit by recycling consulting firm the Astor Company. The program involves single-stream recycling plus cardboard recovery, a six-fold increase in recycling containers with improved signage, employee education about the program and food waste composting from cafeterias. "}
{"id": "doc1605", "text": "Learnings from the corporate campus and the distribution centers will be used to expand recycling at Walgreens stores, where the bulk of the business’s waste is generated. Walgreens has begun to develop zero waste to landfill pilot programs for stores and is testing ways to simplify preparation of cardboard for pickup and to collaborate with other businesses to contract recycling vendors. "}
{"id": "doc1606", "text": "In addition, as part of its HVAC and LED upgrades, Walgreens required that all materials from the retrofits, including refrigerants and copper, be recycled. In the case of HVAC equipment, this required developing an engineering procedure for contractors to follow to ensure materials were properly handled so that energy efficiency improvements did not undermine waste reduction efforts, the company explained. "}
{"id": "doc1607", "text": "In initiatives outside of the U.S., the report highlights Boots’ new eco-friendly store in the Covent Garden section of London, which opened last summer. The 28,524-sq.-ft. store is of the first Boots UK outlets to offer new brown (or unbleached) paper carrier bags made from 100% recycled paper, alongside reducing plastics in beauty and household as well as water bottles."}
{"id": "doc1608", "text": "The new Boots features a refill station for personal care products such as shampoos, hand wash and body wash, and a “rehydration station” where shoppers can fill their water bottles for free or buy a ‘bottle for life’ and refill it in-store. The store also prioritizes environmentally-friendly products, eco-beauty tools vegan products. "}
{"id": "doc1609", "text": "“In building the Covent Garden store, we wanted to design the Boots retail experience of the future, one built with sustainability front of mind,” said Sebastian James, managing director of Boots UK and Republic of Ireland. “As a global business, we view sustainability holistically, from our supply chain to the in-store experience we deliver for customers. It’s all connected to our desire to operate as a responsible and best-in-class company.”"}
{"id": "doc1610", "text": "Consumer spending remained steady in January amid unseasonably mild weather, but not all retail sectors benefitted. "}
{"id": "doc1611", "text": "Retail sales in January inched up 0.2% seasonally adjusted over December and were up 2.7% unadjusted year-over-year, according to the National Retail Federation. (The NRF numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants.)"}
{"id": "doc1612", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which said that overall January sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were up 0.3% seasonally adjusted from December and up 4.4% unadjusted year-over-year. "}
{"id": "doc1613", "text": "“January’s retail sales results reflect a confident consumer supported by solid wage growth and job gains,” stated NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz. “While the business sector continues to weigh significant uncertainties, consumers are providing staying power for U.S. economic growth. We are starting the year on a strong footing.”"}
{"id": "doc1614", "text": "Looking at key retail sectors, sales at clothing and clothing accessory stores fell 3.1% in January (and 0.7% year-over-year), the biggest decline since March 2009. Electronics and appliance store sales were down 0.5% in January and 2.9% year-over-year. "}
{"id": "doc1615", "text": "Specifics from all the key retail sectors for January month-over-month seasonally adjusted sales include:"}
{"id": "doc1616", "text": "•    Online and other non-store sales were up 0.3%;•    General merchandise stores were up 0.5%;•    Grocery and beverage stores were up 0.2%;•    Furniture and home furnishings stores were up 0.6%•    Building materials and garden supply stores were up 2.1%•    Sporting goods stores were up 0.1 %;•    Health and personal care stores were down 0.4%;•    Clothing  and clothing accessory stores were down 3.1%; and •    Electronics and appliance store sales were down 0.5%."}
{"id": "doc1617", "text": "Natural Life is looking to roll out its unusual store concept."}
{"id": "doc1618", "text": "With four corporate-owned locations in Florida, Natural Life announced it is expanding to a franchise business model.  Natural Life specializes in CBD products as well as holistic plants, including kava, kratom, turmeric, akuamma and more. Stores offer more than 300 products and carry over 20 brands. "}
{"id": "doc1619", "text": "Natural Life expects to have seven locations up and running by early this year, all located in Florida. Two of the new stores are expected to be franchised. Expansion plans include multiple markets in Florida, the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and the West Coast, including California."}
{"id": "doc1620", "text": "Founder Gabriel Suarez said he established Natural Life with the goal of helping those in need find alternatives to their ailments.  He noted that all products sold at Natural Life carry liability insurance, which he called unique in the CBD industry, and that all brands are compliant with all upcoming 2020 regulations. In addition, Natural Life does its own third-party lab testing, regardless if the manufacturer provides its own test results. “Consumers are looking for a shopping experience that they can trust, said Suarez. At Natural Life Franchise Corp., we set ourselves apart with our commitment to quality products that undergo third-party lab testing on a regular basis. Our employees all receive training on CBD."}
{"id": "doc1621", "text": "Cole Haan is the latest U.S. retailer to file for an initial public offering."}
{"id": "doc1622", "text": "The New Hampshire-based footwear and accessories brand, owned by private equity firm Apax Partners, filed with an initial offering with plans to list on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol CLHN. Cole Haan said it plans to raise up to $100 million, which is likely a placeholder sum as it works to determine exact terms."}
{"id": "doc1623", "text": "Cole Haan, which Nike sold to Apax in 2013, had revenue of $686.6 million for the year ended June 1, 2019, up 14.1% from the year-ago period. Profit rose 43.1% to $33.1 million. The brand sells in 64 countries, including through 368 stores and over 450 wholesale accounts. "}
{"id": "doc1624", "text": "Seven years ago, we began our journey as an independent company and set out to transform a classic domestic dress shoe company with a 90-year heritage into something even bigger — a global lifestyle brand serving always-connected, active professionals with innovative footwear and lifestyle accessories,” said Jack Boys, CEO, Cole Haan, in a letter to potential investors that is part of the filing. "}
{"id": "doc1625", "text": "In its prospectus, Cole Haan cited the coronavirus outbreak as a risk factor, saying it could materially impact its sourcing and manufacturing operations. The company noted that a portion of its products are manufactured in China and materials for its products are sourced in China by its manufacturers within Greater China and in other affected regions. "}
{"id": "doc1626", "text": "In January, CasperSleep filed for an IPO.  J. Crew Group’s Madewell filed for an IPO near the end of 2019."}
{"id": "doc1627", "text": "BofA Securities and Morgan Stanley are acting as co-lead bookrunning managers for Cole Haan’s proposed offering. J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are also acting as lead bookrunning managers. Jefferies, Baird, Cowen, Piper Sandler and Stifel are acting as bookrunning managers."}
{"id": "doc1628", "text": "In the world of offline retail, there is no matching the juggernaut that is Walmart."}
{"id": "doc1629", "text": "That’s according to a new report by foot traffic analytics platform Placer.ai, which looks at the in-store performance of Walmart Supercenters from November 2019 through January 2020. The results were impressive — and all the more so considering the shorter holiday season, Placer.ai noted."}
{"id": "doc1630", "text": "Monthly visits to Walmart in November, December and January were all significantly higher than visits in the same months during the two years prior, the report noted. Overall visit growth for the period was 3.0% in 2019/20, compared to the same three month period in 2018/19."}
{"id": "doc1631", "text": "Compared to the baseline for the period from January 2017 through January 2020, visits in November and December 2019 were 8.9% and 22.0% above the baseline respectively, with January 2020 visits coming in 6.0% below, Placer.ai found. This was a significant upgrade over the previous year when visits were 4.3% and 21.3% above for November and December 2018, and 10.1% below in January 2019. "}
{"id": "doc1632", "text": "Sam’s Club also saw growth. Apart from a minor decrease in year-over-year traffic in December 2019, November 2019 and January 2020 had strong year-over-year growth for in-store visits, according to Placer.ai.  Looking at the period from January 2017 through January 2020, November 2019 saw visits that were 8.8% above the baseline, besting 2018’s mark of 0.4% below. This continued into the new year when January 2020 visits were 4.8% below the baseline for the period, better than the previous year’s 9.5% below."}
{"id": "doc1633", "text": "“The addition of an increasingly effective Sam’s Club alongside the existing and seemingly endless strength of Walmart Supercenters could give the brand a significant boost at the start of the new year,” stated Placer.ai."}
{"id": "doc1634", "text": "At Home Group Inc. is keeping itself busy in February. "}
{"id": "doc1635", "text": "The home décor superstore is celebrating the opening of six stores this month, growing its national footprint to 218 locations across 39 states by the end of February. The locations include Tucson, Ariz.; Bellingham, Wash.; Sioux Falls, S.D.; Mentor, Ohio; and Union Gap, Wash. (all of which have recently opened.). A location in Clovis, Calif., is expected to open soon."}
{"id": "doc1636", "text": "At Home sells more than 50,000 home décor items for every room, including furniture, rugs, wall art and housewares to tabletop, patio and holiday décor. Stores average just over 100,000 sq. ft. "}
{"id": "doc1637", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. is the latest company to weigh in on the likely impact of the coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc1638", "text": "In its latest update, Ralph Lauren Corp. said that approximately two thirds of its stores in the Chinese mainland have been temporarily closed during the past week and that it expects broader impact across its businesses in China and parts of Asia due to significantly reduced travel and retail traffic. The company said that its fiscal 2020 sales could be hurt by $55 million to $70 million from the outbreak. Operating income in Asia could take a $35 million to $45 million hit. "}
{"id": "doc1639", "text": "Ralph Lauren said that its estimates could change if there is “meaningful deterioration” from current trends. Also, supply chain disruptions in China could impact a small portion of the company’s fourth quarter orders globally."}
{"id": "doc1640", "text": "“Our dedicated teams are operating with agility in a highly dynamic situation, and we will continue to assess the implications for our business across retail, corporate and our supply base,” said Patrice Louvet, president and CEO, Ralph Lauren. “While the health crisis creates near-term uncertainties, the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we continue to see significant long-term opportunities for growth in China and across Asia.”"}
{"id": "doc1641", "text": "Earlier this week, Under Armour said that it expects first-quarter sales declines of $50 million to $60 million, mostly due to the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc1642", "text": "PBS’ acclaimed investigative journalism series “Frontline” is putting Jeff Bezos under the harsh glare of the spotlight and examine how Amazon is reshaping commerce, work and technology. "}
{"id": "doc1643", "text": "On Tuesday, Feb. 18 at 9 p.m. Est, PBS local stations will broadcast “Amazon Empire: The Rise and Reign of Jeff Bezos,” which investigates how Bezos built a business empire that is “unprecedented in the history of American capitalism,” according to PBS. The two-hour documentary will look at Amazon’s ascent and ask tough questions about the consequences, added PBS. "}
{"id": "doc1644", "text": "Part of “Amazon Empire” will focus on working conditions in the company’s expansive fulfillment network. “Frontline” speaks with former employees at the Amazon centers who describe intense working conditions, and who say they struggled to keep up with the rate at which Amazon expected them to pick and pack items."}
{"id": "doc1645", "text": "The documentary also draws on nearly 20 interviews with current and former Amazon executives and employees, including Jeff Wilke, who created the Amazon fulfillment center system. Wilke defends the company’s treatment of workers and its commitment to safety."}
{"id": "doc1646", "text": "“Amazon Empire” also investigates how Bezos executed a plan to build one of the most influential economic and cultural forces in the world, according to PBS, and raises questions about power, privacy and product safety that have accompanied Amazon’s rise."}
{"id": "doc1647", "text": "Speaking at a PBS press conference at the Television Critics Association winter press tour in January, “Amazon Empire” producer James Jacoby said the show will take stock of where Amazon is now. Jacoby is the director of 2018 “Frontline” film “The Facebook Dilemma."}
{"id": "doc1648", "text": "The special also examines the course of Bezos’s career from the mid-1990s to the present."}
{"id": "doc1649", "text": "“You certainly do see a physical transformation, and you also do see his cultivation of this very goofy, affable image from early on,” Jacoby said. “And some of his early employees talk to us about how that belied a sort of his Napoleonic ambition.”"}
{"id": "doc1650", "text": "Rent the Runway is bringing in fresh but seasoned talent to help it sort out its supply chain challenges and keep up with customer demand."}
{"id": "doc1651", "text": "The apparel rental giant, which last fall failed to meet deliveries for customers and temporarily stopped taking new orders due to supply chain challenges, has appointed Brian Donato as chief supply chain officer, effective March 16, 2020. Donato will oversee Rent the Runway’s customer fulfillment operation, including reverse logistics, customer service, warehousing, inventory restoration, transportation, operational excellence and distribution network expansion. (Rent the Runway’s head of supply chain, Marv Cunningham, departed the company at the end of September in the wake of the supply chain problems.)"}
{"id": "doc1652", "text": "Donato comes to Rent the Runway from New York-based startup Bowery Farming, where he served as executive VP, operations and during which time the indoor vertical farm company expanded distribution from five stores to more than 100 grocery outlets in the Northeast. Prior to joining Bowery in 2018, Brian spent seven years at Amazon, where he held several senior operational roles, his most recent being director of operations, Amazon Home Services. "}
{"id": "doc1653", "text": "“As the pioneer of rental and leader in reverse logistics, operational transformation to enhance our customer experience is one of our highest priorities,” said Rent the Runway co-founder and CEO Jennifer Hyman. “Brian’s leadership and experience in operations and logistics will be a valuable asset to the company as we continue to advance our end-to-end differentiated operational capabilities to capitalize on our future growth opportunities.”"}
{"id": "doc1654", "text": "In addition, Rent the Runway named Mike Indresano as senior transportation executive. Most recently, he served as the senior VP for Walmart eCommerce transportation, where he led the implementation of next-day delivery service for online orders. "}
{"id": "doc1655", "text": "Prior to Walmart, Indresano held roles as VP of Amazon Transportation Services and VP of operations for FedEx SmartPost. At Amazon, Mike led teams that launched 7-day delivery, built sortation infrastructure to unlock USPS final mile, acquired the first planes for Prime Air and introduced the first trailers for in-house surface transportation, stated Rent the Runway. "}
{"id": "doc1656", "text": "The company also said that Mike Roth, former VP of Amazon’s global customer fulfillment operations & transportation, joined its board in January. "}
{"id": "doc1657", "text": "Roth was a key leader at Amazon from July 1999 until June 2019, and is credited as one of the senior leaders and architects of Amazons transportation and operational prowess over the past 20 years.  "}
{"id": "doc1658", "text": "“Much of Amazon’s success is clearly due to its leadership and forward-thinking in operations and transportation and much of that is due to Mike Roth,” said Hyman. “To have a leader of Mike Roth’s stature, experience and knowledge join Rent the Runway’s Board at this point of our growth trajectory is an absolute honor and gives me even more confidence in the continued innovation of our closet in the cloud.”"}
{"id": "doc1659", "text": "Imports at major U.S. retail container ports are expected to see a sharper-than-usual drop this month."}
{"id": "doc1660", "text": "That’s according to the Global Port Tracker report released by the National Retail Federation and Hackett Associates. The likely slowdown is a result of the coronavirus causing longer Lunar New Year shutdowns of factories in China."}
{"id": "doc1661", "text": "“February is historically a slow month for imports because of Lunar New Year and the lull between retailers’ holiday season and summer, but this is an unusual situation,” said Jonathan Gold, NRF VP for supply chain and customs policy. “Many Chinese factories have already stayed closed longer than usual, and we don’t know how soon they will reopen.  "}
{"id": "doc1662", "text": "Gold added that U.S. retailers were already beginning to shift some sourcing to other countries because of the trade war. But he warned if shutdowns continue, there could be an impact on supply chains.”"}
{"id": "doc1663", "text": "U.S. ports covered by Global Port Tracker handled 1.72 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) in December, the latest month for which after-the-fact numbers are available. That was up 1.8% from November but down 12.4% from unusually high numbers at the end of 2018 ahead of a scheduled tariff increase that was ultimately postponed. A TEU is one 20-ft.-long cargo container or its equivalent."}
{"id": "doc1664", "text": "December’s numbers brought 2019 to a total of 21.6 million TEU, a 0.8% decrease from 2018 amid the ongoing trade war but still the second-highest year on record. Imports during 2018 hit a record of 21.8 million TEU, partly due to frontloading ahead of anticipated 2019 tariffs."}
{"id": "doc1665", "text": "January was estimated at 1.82 million TEU, down 3.8% from January 2019. February is forecast to be down 12.9% year-over-year at 1.41 million TEU and March is expected to down 9.5% year-over-year at 1.46 million TEU. Before the coronavirus outbreak, Global Port Tracker had forecast February at 1.54 million TEU and March at 1.7 million TEU."}
{"id": "doc1666", "text": "“Projecting container volume for the next year has become even more challenging with the outbreak of the coronavirus in China and its spread,” said Hackett Associates founder Ben Hackett. “It’s questionable how soon manufacturing will return to normal, and following the extension of the Lunar New Year break all eyes are on what further decisions China will make to control the outbreak.”"}
{"id": "doc1667", "text": "Global Port Tracker, which is produced for NRF by the consulting firm Hackett Associates, provides historical data and forecasts for the U.S. ports of Los Angeles/Long Beach, Oakland, Seattle and Tacoma on the West Coast; New York/New Jersey, Port of Virginia, Charleston, Savannah, Port Everglades, Miami and Jacksonville on the East Coast, and Houston on the Gulf Coast.  "}
{"id": "doc1668", "text": "The Body Shop never been a company that shies away from breaking with tradition, so why start now?"}
{"id": "doc1669", "text": "The company, best known for pioneering the natural-ingredient cosmetics market and making social responsibility a key part of company operations, is the first large retailer to embrace an unconventional hiring practice called “open hiring.” Starting this summer, The Body Shop will essentially hire the first person who applies for a job in it stores and meets the most basic of requirements — with no interview, background checks or drug test required."}
{"id": "doc1670", "text": "The shift in hiring, detailed in a report by Fast Company, was first piloted by Body Shop in its North Carolina distribution center, which hires more than 200 seasonal employees, towards the end of 2019. The results, according to the article, were striking."}
{"id": "doc1671", "text": "“Monthly turnover in the distribution center dropped by 60%,” the Fast Company article stated. “In 2018, the Body Shop’s distribution center saw turnover rates of 38% in November and 43% in December. In 2019, after they began using open hiring, that decreased to 14% in November and 16% in December. The company only had to work with one temp agency instead of three.”"}
{"id": "doc1672", "text": "To read the full Fast Company article, click here."}
{"id": "doc1673", "text": "Things aren’t always what they seem to be at first glance, including the economy."}
{"id": "doc1674", "text": "That’s according to a new American Customer Satisfaction Index report, which noted that GDP growth last year was weaker than its 25-year average. Given record low unemployment and a strong stock market, it is understandable why many commentators in the media are praising the “strong economy,” the report stated. But a look beyond employment and the stock market provides a different picture. "}
{"id": "doc1675", "text": "“Even the employment numbers are not as strong as they seem considering the low labor participation rate,” the report said. “While the rate has shown a slight uptick recently, a large number of people have given up looking for work compared with what was the case in the past.”"}
{"id": "doc1676", "text": "At the same time, the decline in U.S. customer satisfaction continued in the final quarter of last year, falling 0.4% to a score of 75.4 (on a scale of 0 to 100)."}
{"id": "doc1677", "text": "“The U.S. economy is far from strong or robust,” said Claes Fornell, founder and chairman, American Customer Satisfaction Index. “The sum of the goods and services that are purchased by the final user – for whom the American Customer Satisfaction Index measures satisfaction and GDP measures the monetary value – is in decline. GDP growth, at 2.1% in 2019, is weaker than its 25-year average.”"}
{"id": "doc1678", "text": "Also, while U.S. GDP growth is stronger than in the eurozone, the current account balance is negative in the U.S., while positive in Europe. The federal debt is also rapidly increasing in the U.S., having passed $23 trillion. Under these circumstances, it is especially difficult to argue that 2.1% GDP growth is strong, according to the report."}
{"id": "doc1679", "text": "For the U.S. economy to be in good shape, GDP should have a growth rate of 3% or better. A growth rate of that magnitude implies that consumer spending, on average, would have to grow by about 4%. That’s a tall order, as it is currently less than 2% with customer satisfaction slipping and wage increases uncertain, according to the report."}
{"id": "doc1680", "text": "The American Customer Satisfaction Index has been a national economic indicator for 25 years. It measures and analyzes customer satisfaction with more than 400 companies in 46 industries and 10 economic sectors, including various services of federal and local government agencies. Click here for more on the latest ACSI report."}
{"id": "doc1681", "text": "Forever 21’s sale to two of the nation’s largest mall operators for the modest sum of $81 million is almost a done deal."}
{"id": "doc1682", "text": "A U.S. bankruptcy court judge indicated he would formally approve the sale of the former high-flying fast-fashion chain to Simon Property Group, Brookfield Property Partners and Authentic Brands once the parties finalized some smaller details that are still being negotiated. The new owners have agreed to pay $81 million in cash and assume certain liabilities, including $53 million in merchandise not yet paid for."}
{"id": "doc1683", "text": "The approval nod came after Forever 21, which filed for bankruptcy in September 2019, did not received any qualified bids beyond its stalking horse one by Simon, Brookfield and Authentic Brands. With no other offers, the retailer cancelled an auction for its business that was scheduled for Feb. 10. "}
{"id": "doc1684", "text": "“Clearly, this is the only bid, and the alternative is liquidation, which is certainly not in anyone’s interest,” said Judge Gross, reported WWD."}
{"id": "doc1685", "text": "The sale brings an end to the founding family’s control of the chain.  Forever 21 was founded in Los Angeles in 1984 by Korean immigrants Do Won Chang and his wife Jin Sook Chang. The Changs, who were eventually joined in the business by their daughters, built the company into a global $4 billion powerhouse. But overexpansion, increased competition and shifting consumer tastes ultimately took a toll on the chain. "}
{"id": "doc1686", "text": "Forever 21 racked up significant debts during bankruptcy, according to the WWD report. It estimates it owes some $120 million in unpaid claims to vendors who provided goods during the bankruptcy, and about $10 million to $15 million in similar administrative claims to non-merchandise vendors."}
{"id": "doc1687", "text": "Attorneys for vendor and exporter groups, who had filed objections in the case, have continued to raise concerns about how vendors would be paid after the sale closes, WWD said. "}
{"id": "doc1688", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. is cutting jobs in a company reorganization."}
{"id": "doc1689", "text": "The department store retailer is eliminating around 250 positions as part of a restructuring that Kohl’s said “will empower decision-making, reduce management layers, streamline communications and drive greater efficiency in many areas of our business.”"}
{"id": "doc1690", "text": "The departures include removing a layer of regional store leadership roles and positions, restructuring teams in our merchant organization, and changes to other positions in our corporate offices, statement Jen Johnson, Kohls senior VP of communications. “We put a great deal of thought and planning into this decision and have offered a competitive severance package and outplacement services to help all affected associates as they transition to their next step.”"}
{"id": "doc1691", "text": "In her statement, Johnson noted that Kohl’s is not closing any stores or corporate offices. Also, it is continuing to hire in key areas and to invest in its stores, technology and strategic growth initiatives. "}
{"id": "doc1692", "text": "“It is important to note that Kohl’s is in a position of financial strength,” Johnson stated. “The organizational changes we’ve made are driven by the evolution of our strategic business priorities to create a more agile and empowered organization to support our long-term sustainable growth.”"}
{"id": "doc1693", "text": "The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported that the job reductions affect workers at Kohl’s headquarters in Menomonee Falls, Wis., as well as at offices in New York and California, and other regional positions. "}
{"id": "doc1694", "text": "Stage Stores’ transformation into an off-price retailer has hit some snags."}
{"id": "doc1695", "text": "The retailer is preparing for a financial restructuring that could include a bankruptcy filing, reported The Wall Street Journal. According to the report, Stage Stores has been late in paying its vendors amid a cash crunch."}
{"id": "doc1696", "text": "Stage Stores is in the middle of a major reorganization. In September, the retailer, whose brands include Bealls, Goodys, Palais Royal, Stage and Peebles, announced plans to convert its entire store fleet to its off-price Gordmans banner, with a goal of reaching approximately 700 total off-price stores by mid-2020. As part of the overhaul, the company said it expected to close 40 locations during fiscal 2020. (Stage Stores entered the off-price channel in 2017 with its acquisition of Gordmans.)"}
{"id": "doc1697", "text": "But amidst the revamp, the retailer recently guided for earnings to come at the low-end of fiscal year 2019 guidance. The revision punctuated a challenging holiday period for the retailer in which its 1.4% comp store increase missed expectations, setting off liquidity concerns, said two sources involved in the company’s supply chain, according to an emailed report in late January from Debtwire."}
{"id": "doc1698", "text": "Stages Stores has brought on the investment bank and financial services firm Peter J Solomon and law firm Kirkland & Ellis as it looks to refinance its bank debt, according to the report."}
{"id": "doc1699", "text": "Rodd & Gunn has its sights set on expanding in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc1700", "text": "The New Zealand-based menswear brand is on target to have 10 U.S. storefronts by years end. Upcoming locations include the newly expanded Westfield Valley Fair in Santa Clara, Calif., in March, followed by Broadway Plaza in Walnut Creek, Calif., in July, "}
{"id": "doc1701", "text": "The additional Northern California locations will bring Rodd & Gunn’s total U.S. roster to 10 stores, following openings in key locations across the nation, including Newport Beach, Calif.; Los Angeles; San Diego; Brooklyn, N.Y.; Greenwich, Conn.; Dallas and Bellevue, Wash."}
{"id": "doc1702", "text": "Founded in New Zealand in 1946, Rodd & Gunn has evolved into a lifestyle brand with more than 100 stores and shop-in-shops in Australia and New Zealand, along with its eight U.S. stores. In addition to apparel and accessories, Rodd & Gunn also offers footwear, along with an array of bespoke leather luggage handcrafted in New Zealand. The brand is also carried at Nordstrom and select specialty menswear retailers."}
{"id": "doc1703", "text": "CVS Health ended its fiscal year on an upbeat note, with sales and earnings that beat Street estimates amid gains from its acquisition of health insurance giant Aetna."}
{"id": "doc1704", "text": "The company also announced several leadership changes, including the appointment of Alan Lotvin, M.D., currently executive VP at CVS Health, as president of CVS Caremark. In his new role, he succeeds Derica Rice, who is leaving CVS."}
{"id": "doc1705", "text": "CVS Health reported net income of $1.75 billion, or $1.33 a share, in the quarter ended Dec. 31, compared to a net loss of $419 million, or $0.37 cents a share, in the year-ago period, which included a $2.2 billion charge related to the Aetna acquisition. Excluding the charge and other non-recurring items, adjusted earnings per share were $2.14, beating analysts’ estimates of $1.68. "}
{"id": "doc1706", "text": "Total revenue rose 22.9% to $66.89 billion, beating estimates of $63.93 billion. Revenue in the company’s pharmacy services division rose 6.2% to $37.07 billion. Revenue in the retail segment increased 2.5% to $22.58 billion, with front store sales representing approximately 22.7% of the total. "}
{"id": "doc1707", "text": "CVS’s healthcare benefits business soared as revenue more than doubled to $17.15 billion, fueled by CVS’s acquisition of Aetna. "}
{"id": "doc1708", "text": "“Our fourth quarter and full-year financial results reflect strong financial and operational execution and a successful first year of integrating the Aetna business,” said president and CEO Larry Merlo. “We’re using our unmatched capabilities to create a higher-quality, simpler and more affordable health care experience, which benefits patients, clients and consumers and positions the company for continued success.”"}
{"id": "doc1709", "text": "For 2020, CVS expects adjusted EPS of $7.04 to $7.17."}
{"id": "doc1710", "text": "In other leadership changes at CVS:"}
{"id": "doc1711", "text": "• Jonathan Mayhew was appointed executive VP, transformation, and will be responsible for the transformation product portfolio. Most recently, he served as senior VP for the Aetna Markets organization.  "}
{"id": "doc1712", "text": "• Alec Cunningham was appointed executive VP and COO for the Aetna business and will lead an expanded organization that will focus on Medicare Advantage and government programs overall – an area of growing importance. Cunningham joined CVS Health last year from Concerto Healthcare."}
{"id": "doc1713", "text": "Topgolf keeps changing its game."}
{"id": "doc1714", "text": "Topgolf Entertainment Group will introduce a “backyard-style” concept featuring an open, single-floor layout in April, at the Village of Riverwatch in Augusta, Ga. Additional locations will follow in Chattanooga, Tenn., and Waco, Texas. "}
{"id": "doc1715", "text": "The “community-focused” format has a smaller footprint than Topgolfs core concept and offers food and beverages, seating areas with fire pits and picnic-style dining tables. Guests can play Topgolfs signature games in climate-controlled hitting bays, as well as a variety of backyard-style games such as bean bag toss and life-sized Jenga."}
{"id": "doc1716", "text": "The new concept will also have a 13-ft. programmable video wall, VIP party patios, custom localized pop art and wall murals, more than 50 big-screen TVs and a live music stage. This new venue format provides our guests with the same Topgolf fun, but in a new and innovative environment, said Topgolf Entertainment Group CEO Dolf Berle. Everything about these open-concept venues has been purposefully designed for energy and entertainment.”"}
{"id": "doc1717", "text": "According to a spokesperson, Topgolf’s open-concept venue is designed to be freestanding, with locations near retail centers and densely populated areas."}
{"id": "doc1718", "text": "Topgolf’s single-level design is the latest in the brands growing range of formats. In January, the company unveiled Lounge by Topgolf, a smaller format that combines an upscale restaurant and bar with virtual gaming experiences. The first location is in Kirkland, Wash. "}
{"id": "doc1719", "text": "Topgolf Entertainment currently operates 58 technology-enabled locations across the globe."}
{"id": "doc1720", "text": "Showfields is dropping anchor in Miami. "}
{"id": "doc1721", "text": "Part retail, part art exhibition and part community space, Showfields reflects a new retail model that makes it easy for digital-first brands to interact with customers in a dedicated space without taking on the risks — and costs — associated with opening a full-blown store. The retailer, which made its debut last year, in downtown Manhattan, will open a two-floor, 14,300-sq.-ft. space on Lincoln Road in Miami’s South Beach area, in May."}
{"id": "doc1722", "text": "The Miami location will house some 40 to 50 brands, with the selection targeted to further Showfields’ mission of being the most interesting store in the world.” The brand and activation spaces will range from 60 to 400 sq. ft."}
{"id": "doc1723", "text": "In addition, the store will feature experiential elements to keep consumers engaged, including an indoor/outdoor food & beverage concept and speakeasy bar, a theater for live performances, piercing stations, tattoo parlors, and plenty of space for art installations, panels and activations. "}
{"id": "doc1724", "text": "The new Showfields is located in a restored historic building features a glass stairwell and glass skylight and a storefront facade designed to draw in consumers."}
{"id": "doc1725", "text": "“We believe that Miami sits on the intersection of art and retail,” said Showfields’ chief real estate officer and co-founder Amir Zwickel. “We are excited by the crossover of both our existing NYC customers and an international audience that may not have the exposure to the brands that we currently showcase. Miami is a city on the rise and ranked as one of the largest growing cities in the U.S. ripe with art, culture and more.”"}
{"id": "doc1726", "text": "Showfields said its Manhattan store, which opened in March 2019, experienced 250,000 visitors in 2019, who spent an average of 33 minutes in the space."}
{"id": "doc1727", "text": "Agents associated with the Miami deal include Brandon Singer and Michael Cody of Cushman & Wakefield, Sara Wolfe of Koniver Stern Group, and Aaron Butler and Daniel Cardenas of Avenue Real Estate Partners."}
{"id": "doc1728", "text": "Hudson’s Bay Co. has tapped a fashion merchandising veteran to lead Saks Off 5th."}
{"id": "doc1729", "text": "The company named Paige Thomas as president of Saks Off 5th, effective immediately. Most recently, Thomas served as executive VP, general merchandise manager, full price - men’s and kids at Nordstrom. Earlier, she held the position of executive VP, general merchandise manager of Nordstrom’s off-price business for over five years during which time she helped drive the growth of Nordstrom Rack, launching its e-commerce site and leading its subsequent integration with HauteLook onto a dual platform with shared inventory, as well as centralizing merchandising teams across three locations. Additionally, she oversaw over Nordstrom Rack openings."}
{"id": "doc1730", "text": "Prior to Nordstrom, Thomas held merchandising leadership positions at Kohl’s and Fred Meyer."}
{"id": "doc1731", "text": "“Paige has a proven track record of achieving aggressive growth within off-price retail through superior cross-channel customer experiences,” said Helena Foulkes, CEO, HBC. “With her deep merchandising background and instinct to quickly capitalize on digital opportunities, I believe Paige is the right leader to further evolve Saks Off 5th and unleash its potential as a true off-price retailer.”"}
{"id": "doc1732", "text": "At Saks Off 5th, Thomas succeeds Marc Metrick, president of Saks Fifth Avenue. In January 2018, he assumed leadership of Saks Off 5th, heading up efforts turn around the business. As planned, Metrick’s role will be fully focused once again on Saks Fifth Avenue. "}
{"id": "doc1733", "text": "“I thank Marc for his leadership over the past two years and for establishing a solid foundation for Saks Off 5th’s next chapter,” said Foulkes. “From the outset, Marc was committed to turning the business around and setting it up for a dedicated leader, which I’m pleased he accomplished faster than expected. With this transition, he will double down on his tremendous leadership of Saks Fifth Avenue, further capitalizing on its position in luxury and solidifying the business as a category leader.”"}
{"id": "doc1734", "text": "Thomas takes on leadership of Saks Off 5th at a time when the off-price chain, which operates some 110 stores, has been showing increased momentum."}
{"id": "doc1735", "text": "“We have seen positive results from strategic shifts in Saks Off 5th’s buying, marketing and service, including three consecutive quarters of positive comparable sales, thanks in large part to our successful digital channel,” said Foulkes. “I am confident in the opportunity for Saks Off 5th and believe now is the optimal time to bring in a dedicated leader. "}
{"id": "doc1736", "text": "Under Armour swung to a loss in its fourth quarter and warned that it expects first-quarter sales declines of $50 million to $60 million, mostly due to the ongoing coronavirus outbreak in China. "}
{"id": "doc1737", "text": "Amid signs that its turnaround plan has hit challenges, the athletic apparel and gear company said it is considering undertaking a restructuring plan to improve profitability. Among other things, the plan could entail not opening Under Armour’s long-anticipated flagship on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan."}
{"id": "doc1738", "text": "Under Armour estimated pretax charges of $325 million to $425 million related to the restructuring. About $225 million to $250 million of the charges are related to not opening the flagship as it seeks out options to sublet. The store was scheduled to open in the former location of FAO Schwarz. "}
{"id": "doc1739", "text": "“The Fifth Avenue location is obviously a premier retail location, but we’re considering whether it may be better suited for someone else at this time,” CFO Dave Bergman told analysts on the company’s quarterly earnings call."}
{"id": "doc1740", "text": "Under Armour reported net losses of $15.3 million, or $0.03 cents per share, for the quarter ended Dec. 31, compared to net income of $4.2 million, or $0.01, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time items, Under Armour earned $0.10 cents a share, in line with expectations. "}
{"id": "doc1741", "text": "Revenue rose to $1.44 billion from $1.39 billion in the year-ago period, missing estimates of $1.47 billion."}
{"id": "doc1742", "text": "Under Armour has struggled with sales in North American, its biggest market, under increased competition from the likes of Nike, Adidas and Lululemon. Industry experts say the brand has suffered by sticking to its emphasis on performance while consumers, especially younger ones, seek out workout apparel with a more fashionable emphasis.  "}
{"id": "doc1743", "text": "In addition, Under Armour has been challenged by discounting of its goods by its retail wholesale partners, which has impacted its profitability. "}
{"id": "doc1744", "text": "“We believe prior promotional activity has impacted the consumers’ willingness to pay full price for our brand to a higher degree than we originally anticipated,” Patrik Frisk, who took the reins as Under Armour CEO from founder Kevin Plank in January, told analysts on the company’s quarterly call."}
{"id": "doc1745", "text": "For the full year, Under Armour reported a 2% decline in sales in North America, and said it expects a mid- to-high-single-digit percentage decline in the region in 2020."}
{"id": "doc1746", "text": "“As a brand, we see a paradox of two challenges in front of us: continued softer demand in North America as we work through our elevated inventory in multiple years of discounting, and a highly committed cost structure which is taking longer to unpack and is limiting us from being able to spend as aggressively as we would like to increase brand consideration,” said Frisk."}
{"id": "doc1747", "text": "The Home Depot is getting ready for its busiest season of the year."}
{"id": "doc1748", "text": "The home improvement giant plans to hire 80,000 associates for the spring season, which is the same amount that it recruited last year. The retailer said jobseekers can apply for both full-time and part-time positions during the next several months. It noted that 90% population lives within 10 miles of a Home Depot store."}
{"id": "doc1749", "text": "Many of the part-time positions will be staffed in Home Depot stores’ garden center.  The company is also hiring for overnight freight, merchandising and other customer service roles across store departments, as well as warehouse associates for its distribution centers. "}
{"id": "doc1750", "text": "More than 90 percent of our store leaders began their careers here as hourly associates, which is a testament to our commitment to growing the careers of our people,” said Tim Hourigan, executive VP of human resources."}
{"id": "doc1751", "text": "To help associates get up to speed quickly, Home Depot said it provides innovative training programs and tools, including a gamified mobile app, e-learning, and on-the-job coaching. The company also noted that it provides tailored benefits to support any stage of life for all part-time and full-time associates, including tuition reimbursement, backup dependent care for children and elders, and discounts on items, such as cell phones and laptops. Additionally, all associates are eligible for paid family leave after one year of service. "}
{"id": "doc1752", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond had little to cheer about in its fourth quarter update amid declining store traffic and inventory issues."}
{"id": "doc1753", "text": "In preliminary results for the first two months (December and January) of the quarter, the embattled home goods retailer reported a 5.4% decline in comparable sales driven primarily by store traffic declines combined with inventory management issues and increased promotional activity and markdowns. (The company will report its full results on Wednesday, April 15, 2020.)"}
{"id": "doc1754", "text": "In other challenges, Bed Bath & Beyond said that inventory within certain key categories in its assortment was too low or out-of-stock leading into the holiday period. The company said it is “immediately reforming its internal planning and inventory management procedures to master the fundamentals.”"}
{"id": "doc1755", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it provided the update “to provide visibility into the current pressures on the business, which the companys new management has been reviewing to ascertain insights and key learnings.”"}
{"id": "doc1756", "text": "“We are experiencing short-term pain in our efforts to stabilize the business, including the pressures of store traffic trends coupled with our own executional challenges,” said Mark J. Tritton, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and has wasted no time in cleaning house, announcing a leadership shakeup in December. "}
{"id": "doc1757", "text": "On a directional basis, comparable sales from stores in November and December were down nearly 11%. Comparable sales from digital channels grew approximately 20%.  "}
{"id": "doc1758", "text": "The companys gross margin during the first two months of the fourth quarter declined around 300 basis points primarily due to an unfavorable impact on merchandise margin from promotional activity during the period. The retailer said the increased penetration of digital sales within its mix of total sales during the period unfavorably impacted gross margin."}
{"id": "doc1759", "text": "“As we take steps to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term sustainable growth, we are fast tracking our efforts to rebalance our portfolio, reset our cost structure, and enhance our leadership and talent,” Tritton said. "}
{"id": "doc1760", "text": "A majority of consumers are willing to spend more money in businesses with clean restrooms."}
{"id": "doc1761", "text": "According to the 11th annual Healthy Hand Washing Survey conducted by Bradley Corp., the number of Americans who will “definitely” or “probably” shell out more cash in response to clean restrooms has climbed to 62% this year from just 45% two years ago. Millennials and Gen Xers are the two generations most likely to open their wallets."}
{"id": "doc1762", "text": "The study also found that almost three out of four Americans make it a point to visit a business because they know it has nice restrooms. Women are especially likely to show preferential treatment, as are millennials and Gen Xers. “Increasingly, our survey underscores that clean restrooms attract business,” says Jon Dommisse, director of strategy and corporate development for Bradley Corp. “Even posting and maintaining a cleaning schedule in restrooms helps reassure customers the facility is clean. Over half who have observed such a schedule say it makes them feel more positive about the business.”"}
{"id": "doc1763", "text": "Even though consumers are keen on rewarding restroom-friendly companies, more Americans are having unpleasant experiences in a public restroom. This year, a record-high 76% report having a particularly bad encounter."}
{"id": "doc1764", "text": "Restrooms that are dirty or in disarray generate negative impressions causing customers to take their business elsewhere, according to the survey. Close to 60% of Americans will leave the business immediately or say they are unlikely to return after encountering unpleasant restrooms."}
{"id": "doc1765", "text": "The survey revealed that there are a number of grievances in public restrooms that trigger high levels of frustration. Among the most aggravating are clogged/unflushed toilets (85%), empty/jammed toilet paper dispensers (83%) and partition doors that don’t latch shut (78%). Women and baby-boomers express the most annoyance about these inconveniences."}
{"id": "doc1766", "text": "“Poor conditions are the main culprit behind people skipping hand washing during a restroom visit,” Dommisse noted. “Lack of soap and/or paper towels and dirty and/or non-functioning sinks are the two most common reasons for not washing hands.”"}
{"id": "doc1767", "text": "The survey queried American adults and youth online Dec. 11-16, 2019. Participants were from around the country, were 14 years and older, and were fairly evenly split between men and women (47% and 53%)."}
{"id": "doc1768", "text": "The parent company of Men’s Wearhouse has tapped a consultant as its chief marketing officer and she is already making changes. "}
{"id": "doc1769", "text": "Tailored Brands named Carolyn Pollock as chief marketing officer, overseeing marketing for all of the company’s retail brands, including Men’s Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank, Moores Clothing for Men and K&G. She will report to chief customer officer Carrie Ask."}
{"id": "doc1770", "text": "Pollock joined Tailored Brands in a consulting role in mid-2018, initially defining the brand strategies for The Men’s Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank and then overseeing marketing for Jos. A. Bank.  She has more than ten years of experience in consulting and interim marketing leadership roles at companies such as eBay, Dolby, and Facebook, as well as leading startups like Thumbtack, Dashlane, and One Kings Lane. "}
{"id": "doc1771", "text": "“She has been instrumental in shaping Jos. A. Bank’s marketing strategy from both a creative and channel perspective,” said Ask. “Under Carolyn’s leadership, the brand has seen growth in new customer acquisition, including the important younger generations, and significant increases in e-commerce and store traffic. We are thrilled to have Carolyn drive the marketing strategy across all of our retail brands.”"}
{"id": "doc1772", "text": "In a statement, Pollock announced that Tailored Brands has signed Starcom as its new media agency as part of the retailer’s effort to modernize and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its marketing efforts."}
{"id": "doc1773", "text": "“Starcom is one of the leading media agencies in the country and brings a data-driven approach that will evolve our media mix, which is critical as we look to reach a younger and increasingly digital-first customer,” she said."}
{"id": "doc1774", "text": "Brandless is calling it quits."}
{"id": "doc1775", "text": "The online retailer, which sold no-name household essentials (mostly at $3 a pop), is shutting down business operations. Launched in July 2017, Brandless quickly gained a fast following for its curated assortment of “no-brand” everyday essentials — from organic, non-GMO food and clean beauty and personal care products to non-toxic cleaners and home goods. Most items are priced at $3. Last year, it expanded into two new categories — pet supplies and baby items."}
{"id": "doc1776", "text": "“After more than two amazing years of bringing customers across the country better for you and better for the planet products, Brandless is halting operations,” the company stated on its website brandless.com. “While the Brandless team set a new bar for the types of products consumers deserve and at prices they expect, the fiercely competitive direct-to-consumer market has proven unsustainable for our current business model."}
{"id": "doc1777", "text": "In July 2018, Brandless announced that SoftBank Vision Fund, Japanese conglomerate, had invested $240 million in Brandless at a valuation of more than $500 million."}
{"id": "doc1778", "text": "When we founded Brandless, we set out to break molds, and take a fresh approach to the way people buy products by focusing on quality, access and affordability for everyone, Brandless co-founder and chairman Ido Leffler said in a statement announcing the investment. Our new partnership with SoftBank is an incredible validation of our mission and will allow us to build our community beyond our wildest dreams."}
{"id": "doc1779", "text": "The nation’s largest mall operator is getting bigger."}
{"id": "doc1780", "text": "Simon Property Group Inc. has entered into an agreement to acquire Taubman Centers in a deal valued at approximately $3.6 billion. Simon will acquire all of Taubman’s common stock for $52.50 a share in cash (a 51% premium to Taubman closing price on Friday, Feb.7). The Taubman family, which is selling approximately one-third of its ownership interest, will retain a 20% stake in Taubman Realty Group."}
{"id": "doc1781", "text": "Taubman owns, manages or leases  26 premium shopping malls in the U.S. and Asia, including The Mall at Short Hills in Short Hills, N.J., and Beverly Center in Los Angeles. The company will continue to be managed by its existing executive team under the leadership of Taubman chairman, president and CEO Robert S. Taubman, in partnership with Simon. Simon and Taubman said they will together “to implement best practices to achieve operational efficiencies and will eliminate Taubmans public company costs immediately following closing.”"}
{"id": "doc1782", "text": "Simon, which recently partnered with Authentic Brands Group and Brookfield Property Partners to make a bid for bankrupt retailer Forever 21, said it expects the deal with Taubman to immediately boost its funds from operations, adding at least 3% on an annualized basis. Among Simon’s properties are Copley Place in Boston, and King of Prussia Mall in King of Prussia, Pa. "}
{"id": "doc1783", "text": "“By joining together, we will enhance the ability of TRG to invest in innovative retail environments that create exciting shopping and entertainment experiences for consumers, immersive opportunities for retailers, and substantial new job prospects for local communities,” David Simon, chairman, president and CEO, Simon. "}
{"id": "doc1784", "text": "Since Taubman Centers founding 70 years ago, we have built a portfolio of high-quality assets and continuously adapted to the evolving retail landscape. I am proud of all that this companys talented employees have achieved and am thrilled to have the opportunity to join together with Simon through this joint venture,” said Robert Taubman. “Over the last few years, David and I have developed an excellent personal relationship and importantly, Simon shares our commitment to serving retailers, shoppers and the communities in which we operate. The Board and I are confident that Simon is the ideal partner to help us build on our progress."}
{"id": "doc1785", "text": "The deal, which is subject to regulatory and shareholder approval, is expected to close by mid-2020. The Taubman family, which owns about 29% of the voting stock, has agreed to vote in favor of the deal. "}
{"id": "doc1786", "text": "This is a developing story. Check back later for updates."}
{"id": "doc1787", "text": "The wind-down of natural and organic specialty grocer Earth Fare continues."}
{"id": "doc1788", "text": "The grocer has selected A&G Real Estate Partners and Hilco Streamback to market and sell all Earth Fare stores and leases, and its intellectual property, respectively. Earth Fare, which has about 50 stores in 10 states, filed for bankruptcy protection on February 4, 2020, and is currently holding liquidation sales. "}
{"id": "doc1789", "text": "The Earth Fare stores range in size from 17,000 sq. ft. to 38,000 sq. ft. (with an average of about 25,000 sq. ft.) and generally have long lease term available with options. Many are in great shape, with nice interiors and fixtures that are typical of the specialty organic category, according to A&G. "}
{"id": "doc1790", "text": "Interested parties should contact AGREP immediately, as liquidation sales are expected to conclude no later than February 29, 2020, said Emilio Amendola, co-president of A&G Real Estate Partners. We anticipate strong interest among well-capitalized grocers with forward-looking business models. "}
{"id": "doc1791", "text": "Hilco Streambank is conducting the sale of Earth Fares intellectual property assets, including its trademarks, customer data, domain names, social media assets and recipes. "}
{"id": "doc1792", "text": "The brand has a rich history in the health and wellness retail market, and is well known for holding food manufacturers to the highest standards, commented David Peress, executive VP of Hilco Streambank. The Earth Fare brand aligns with the values of todays consumer.”"}
{"id": "doc1793", "text": "Earth Fare is being advised by FTI Consulting, a global advisory firm, as financial advisor and chief restructuring officer."}
{"id": "doc1794", "text": "Victoria’s Secret may be going private."}
{"id": "doc1795", "text": "L Brands, parent company of Victoria’s Secret and Bed, Bath & Body Works, is close to a deal to selling the troubled lingerie brand to private equity firm Sycamore Partners, reported CNBC. The deal could be announced this week, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc1796", "text": "Falling revenue at Victoria’s Secret has continued to take a toll on L Brands’ performance. The brand’s same-store sales fell 7% in its third quarter, compared to a 2% decrease in the year-ago period. Victoria’s Secret has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusion, and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. "}
{"id": "doc1797", "text": "In January, reports surfaced that Les Wexner, founder and chief executive of L Brands and the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company, may be stepping down from his post — and selling Victoria’s Secret."}
{"id": "doc1798", "text": "L Brands and Sycamore declined comment in the CNBC report. "}
{"id": "doc1799", "text": "Starbucks Corp. is teaming up with a new partner as it looks to re-imagine its customer experience in airports."}
{"id": "doc1800", "text": "Starbucks is partnering with OTG, which operates more than 350 eateries and retail concepts in 10 North American airports, to introduce a variety of traditional and experiential locations, while exploring new technology to better serve customers anywhere in the terminal. Locations will move throughout the airport depending on time of day, with a Starbucks experience available at customers’ gates upon departure or arrival.  "}
{"id": "doc1801", "text": "“Our partnership with OTG will allow us to expand our footprint and reach more customers across U.S. airports,” said Henry Klein, Starbucks senior national account executive – travel. “We will also bring new innovations to the market and elevate the overall Starbucks Experience for partners and customers. This includes new store concepts and digital capabilities that meet our customers where they are in their particular travel journey.”"}
{"id": "doc1802", "text": "The new partnership comes after HMSHost, Starbucks’ airport partner since 1991, decided to opt out of its exclusive arrangement with the coffee giant. While the two companies will continue to work together, HMSHost will also begin to operate locations from other coffee brands in airports nationwide."}
{"id": "doc1803", "text": "“We have had great success in bringing regional chefs and popular city dining favorites to airports and we’re ready to do the same with the coffee category,” said Steve Johnson, president and CEO, HMSHost, which operates more than 400 Starbucks locations in North America. “While we have, and will continue, a long partnership with Starbucks, we’re continuing to innovate in this space and focus on serving consumer and airport partner needs.”"}
{"id": "doc1804", "text": "Airport hospitality group OTG and Starbucks today announced a new partnership to introduce a re-imagined customer experience, with a focus on new experiential concepts and innovative technology to better serve travelers at airports across the country."}
{"id": "doc1805", "text": "OTG is known for its best-in-class approach to dining and retail in airports including Newark, LaGuardia, JFK, Philadelphia International Airport and George Bush Intercontinental Airport. Starbucks is the global leader in airport food and beverage. They are known for high-quality craft coffee beverages and their signature customer experience."}
{"id": "doc1806", "text": "OTG and Starbucks will introduce a variety of traditional and experiential locations, while exploring new technology to better serve customers anywhere in the terminal. Locations will be thoughtfully placed and move throughout the airport depending on time of day, providing travelers a Starbucks experience at their gate upon departure or arrival. "}
{"id": "doc1807", "text": "With a shared emphasis on providing a quality customer experience, this new partnership with OTG looks to usher in a new dynamic approach to how travelers get their Starbucks in the airport environment."}
{"id": "doc1808", "text": "OTG is thrilled to be forging this new and exciting partnership with Starbucks. Our mission is simple: deliver our guests what they want in the most efficient, frictionless way possible, said Rick Blatstein, OTG CEO. This collaboration will allow us to introduce a fully re-imagined Starbucks customer experience, ensuring guests access to their preferred cup anywhere in the airport."}
{"id": "doc1809", "text": "Across all age groups, one social media platform far outweighs all others in terms of use."}
{"id": "doc1810", "text": "Facebook is the most used (65%) social media platform in the nation across all age groups, according to a study by 5W Public Relations. YouTube ranks second in terms of use (39%), followed by Instagram (37%), Twitter (32%) and Snapchat (22%). "}
{"id": "doc1811", "text": "When broken down into age categories, 77% of millennials surveyed said they are active on Facebook daily, with Instagram coming in second at 70%, followed by YouTube at 66%. Sixty-eight percent of Generation X are active on Facebook daily, followed by YouTube at 46% and Instagram at 39%. "}
{"id": "doc1812", "text": "Lastly, 52% of baby boomers are active on Facebook daily, followed by YouTube at 12% and Twitter and Instagram tying for third at 9%."}
{"id": "doc1813", "text": "The report also illustrates the role Facebook plays in consumerism with 67% of millennials, 48% of Gen X and 22% of boomers agreeing that their purchase decisions are influenced by someone they follow on the platform.  "}
{"id": "doc1814", "text": "Instagrams rise in popularity over the past few years has led brands to invest heavily into ads and influencers on this platform, but our new data is going to have them re-thinking their social media strategies, said Founder and 5WPR founder and CEO Ronn Torossian. As the most used social platform across all generations, there is still a huge opportunity to connect with customers on Facebook, and leverage its dominant clout."}
{"id": "doc1815", "text": "The parent company of The North Face, Timberland, Vans and Dickies is facing a sales slowdown in China."}
{"id": "doc1816", "text": "VF Corp. said that 60% of its owned and partner stores in China have been temporarily closed due to the coronavirus outbreak. The stores that remain open have experienced “significant declines in retail traffic,” the company said."}
{"id": "doc1817", "text": "The Asia Pacific region and mainland China represented 12% and 6%, respectively, of VF’s total revenue in 2019. The company said that it it not possible to gauge the impact of the virus to its supply chain “at this point,” but noted that approximately 16% of VF’s total cost of goods sold is sourced directly from mainland China, of which 7% is bound for the U.S. market."}
{"id": "doc1818", "text": "“The safety and well-being of our associates and partners in China is our highest priority,” stated said Steve Rendle, VF’s chairman, president and CEO. “While the coronavirus will impact our financial results in the Asia Pacific region in the near term, VF’s growth opportunity in China and across the Asia Pacific region is significant and the fundamentals of our business are strong. VF is well-positioned to navigate the impact of the coronavirus situation given the diversity of our business and operating model in other key geographies.”"}
{"id": "doc1819", "text": "Vans has opened its first-ever community-driven retail and event space, a store that celebrates its Los Angeles locale."}
{"id": "doc1820", "text": "The new Vans outpost — the company’s first in downtown Los Angeles — pays homage to the city’s skateboarding roots and thriving art community and features a wide range of the brand’s footwear, apparel and accessories. The two-floor, 11,500-sq.-ft. space features a mural by LA-based artist and designer Geoff McFetridge, who accentuated the raw brick and concrete walls of the building with his signature colorful, minimalist work. The walls are dotted with photographs taken by legendary skateboarders that highlight the city’s importance in skate culture. "}
{"id": "doc1821", "text": "The new Vans also houses a dedicated in-store skate shop that stocks hard goods from assorted Los Angeles-based skateboard brands alongside the full collection of Vans Pro Skate footwear and apparel. It also features a selection of publications curated by the downtown gallery, store and publisher These Days rounds out the retail offering. "}
{"id": "doc1822", "text": "The second floor is home to a community-driven gallery, lounge and workshop space, dubbed Studio808, which was created in partnership with lifestyle magazine Monster Children. The studio will serve as a central hub for consumers and creatives and will offer hands-on art and design workshops, free of charge, with an aim “to build a platform for education to uplift underserved members of the community,” according to Vans."}
{"id": "doc1823", "text": "In line with its community commitment, Vans partnered with non-profit organizations Goodwill and Chrysalis, both of which have workforce development initiatives for previously homeless or at-risk youth, to recruit staff for the store. Vans goal is to hire staff directly from the community in order to develop a diverse workforce."}
{"id": "doc1824", "text": "Our downtown LA store opening signifies a new Vans chapter as we continue our mission and commitment to being community and experience focused, said Carly Gomez, VP of marketing, Americas at Vans. Downtown LA has a rich history of skate culture and artistic freedom.”"}
{"id": "doc1825", "text": "Added Mitch Whitaker, VP/GM, Americas at Vans: For 54 years, Vans has called California home. Were grateful to be reinforcing the brands Southern California roots and legacy through this new space that is both reflective of, and designed for, the community and unique experiences."}
{"id": "doc1826", "text": "The green spaceship is gone.  "}
{"id": "doc1827", "text": "Shipt, the online grocery delivery service that Target Corp. bought at the end of 2017, is updating its brand as its looks to attract more members. The company replaced its signature spaceship logo with a modern graphic interpretation of a shopping bag."}
{"id": "doc1828", "text": "“Our new logo represents a bold departure from our beloved spaceship,” Shipt stated in a blog. “It’s bright. It’s friendly. It symbolizes the pride hundreds of Shipt employees and thousands of Shipt Shoppers take everyday in making sure you get exactly what you want, just the way you want it.”"}
{"id": "doc1829", "text": "Later this month, Shipt plans to roll out an ad campaign featuring its new look with 10 video vignettes. Accompanied by the tagline “over-delivering delivery,” the vignettes will show how Shipt shoppers go above and beyond to meet customer needs.  They will play across TV, digital, social, radio, and out-of-home both nationally and locally."}
{"id": "doc1830", "text": "The new branding comes as Shipt is looking to expand into new retail sectors. It recently announced partnerships with Sur La Table and Office Depot."}
{"id": "doc1831", "text": "Currently, Shipt reaches 70% of U.S. households in more than 5,000 cities."}
{"id": "doc1832", "text": "The retail industry had the second-highest number of cuts announced by U.S.-based employers in January."}
{"id": "doc1833", "text": "That’s according to a report from global outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas, which said that technology companies led in announced job cuts in January, with 13,869 cuts, followed by retail, with 10,444 cuts. Of the retail job cuts, 2,631 were attributed to bankruptcy and 6,924 to store closings.  "}
{"id": "doc1834", "text": "Andrew Challenger, VP of Challenger, Gray & Christmas, noted that many large tech companies are cutting jobs as they pivot to new products or services and, in some cases, reduce bureaucracy and remove layers of management to become nimbler."}
{"id": "doc1835", "text": "“Tech is not the only industry embarking on this kind of restructuring,” he added. Companies across all industries are reexamining their hierarchies, particularly in automotive and retail, where innovations in technology are changing the landscape.”"}
{"id": "doc1836", "text": "Below is Challenger, Gray & Christmas’ list of retail jobs cuts due to bankruptcy for the years 2001 through 2019. Year    Cuts2001    11,1722002    2,0752003    7,5422004    9,2972005    23,6472006    5452007    1062008    26,2182009    34,3462010    3752011    8,6982012    2532013    3282014    5,5552015    13,7912016    9,1872017    3,1312018    30,4122019    48,733"}
{"id": "doc1837", "text": "Davids Bridal says it is committed to expanding its footprint."}
{"id": "doc1838", "text": "The bridal dress and specialty occasion apparel retailer, which filed for bankruptcy protection in November 2018 and emerged about two months later, has opened a store at Butler Shopping Plaza in Gainesville, Fla. David’s Bridal said the opening is part of its continuing commitment “to update and improve Davids existing store base and its physical footprint to better service the modern woman.” A new store in Little Rock, Ark., is set to open in late March."}
{"id": "doc1839", "text": "The Gainesville and Little Rock locations will seek to continue the momentum David’s built in the back half of 2019 with six new store openings, in Virginia Beach, Va.; Houston; Macon, Ga.; Union, N.J.; Buford, Ga.; and Milwaukee. The retailer currently has more than 300 locations in the U.S., Canada, UK and Mexico."}
{"id": "doc1840", "text": "Since joining Davids Bridal eight months ago, I have made it my number one priority to spend time in every store, in every market,” said Bob Walker, who was named chief field operations and store experience officer last June. “The in-store retail experience is social and tangible and cannot be replicated online, so we need to excite our customers as soon as they walk through our doors. Weve torn apart every customer policy to be sure its all in service of her, and we hold ourselves to a very high standard.”"}
{"id": "doc1841", "text": "David’s has gone through a number of changes since it emerged from bankruptcy protection. Its new CEO, James Marcum, who took the reins last June 2019, has wasted no time in shaking up the leadership ranks of the company. In December, the chain appointed its first-ever chief digital experience."}
{"id": "doc1842", "text": "David’s recently unveiled policy changes such as price parity, an online wedding planning toolkit and a full-service messaging concierge, dubbed “Zoey.”"}
{"id": "doc1843", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1844", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc1845", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc1846", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc1847", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc1848", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc1849", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc1850", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc1851", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc1852", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc1853", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc1854", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc1855", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc1856", "text": "The chief executive of Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. has stepped down."}
{"id": "doc1857", "text": "The hardwood floor retailer said that Dennis Knowles resigned as president and CEO, effective Feb. 5. Lumber Liquidators has appointed its chief customer officer, Charles Tyson, as interim president and principal executive officer. Knowles duties will be divided between Tyson and CFO Nancy Walsh until a permanent CEO replacement is found. Lumber Liquidators has hired a national recruitment firm to assist with the search. "}
{"id": "doc1858", "text": "Knowles served as CEO of Lumber Liquidators since November 2016, joining the company in March 2016 as COO. As chief executive, he succeeded John M. Presley, who led the company through an extremely disruptive time following revelations of formaldehyde in its laminate flooring from China, as disclosed on news show “60 Minutes” in 2015. The company has struggled to regain its footing and reputation ever since."}
{"id": "doc1859", "text": "In its most recent earnings report, Lumber Liquidators reported that its third quarter 2019 net income plummeted to $1 million from nearly $6 million in the year-ago period. Sales fell 2.4%  to $264 million."}
{"id": "doc1860", "text": "In the past two years Lumber Liquidators has also been the subject of litigation and most recently paid $33 million in penalties last March to resolve a charge of securities fraud."}
{"id": "doc1861", "text": "Morgan Stanley recently downgraded the stock to the equivalent of sell, citing competitive and operational challenges that have continued to weigh on the company in the wake of the revelations. The retailer is in the middle of a brand revamp. "}
{"id": "doc1862", "text": "On behalf of the entire board, I would like to thank Dennis for his steady hand and tireless efforts in the face of many challenges during his tenure as CEO, said chairperson Nancy Taylor."}
{"id": "doc1863", "text": "Interim president Tyson joined Lumber Liquidators in June 2018 after serving in several senior executive roles for Advance Auto Parts. At Lumber Liquidators, Tyson has been responsible for the companys merchandising and marketing, consumer and pro sales, installation, distribution and, now additionally, store operations. Among other initiatives, Tyson has led the companys digital strategy."}
{"id": "doc1864", "text": "Lumber Liquidators operated 419 stores as of September 30, 2019."}
{"id": "doc1865", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. came strong out of the gate in the first month of the year."}
{"id": "doc1866", "text": "The membership warehouse club retailer reported net sales of $11.57 billion for the four weeks ended February 2, 2020, up 8% from $10.71 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales (excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange) rose 5.3%, with a 5.6% increase in the U.S. E-commerce comparable sales surged 17.2%. "}
{"id": "doc1867", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc1868", "text": "Patrick Frisk, who succeeded Kevin Plank as Under Armour CEO on Jan. 1, has made his first executive appointments — including one that is a first for the brand. "}
{"id": "doc1869", "text": "The athletic goods company promoted Colin Browne to COO, the position previously held by Frisk. Browne previously served as the companys chief supply chain officer from 2017 to 2020 with responsibility for all global operations related to product sourcing and logistics after joining in 2016 as president of global sourcing. Prior to that, he was VP and managing director of supply chain at VF Corp."}
{"id": "doc1870", "text": "In addition, the company named Paul Fipps to the newly created position of chief experience officer, responsible for the companys overall consumer experience and digital strategy including its global retail and e-commerce business, Connected Fitness platform, software engineering, customer relationship management, human performance and data science functions. "}
{"id": "doc1871", "text": "Previously, Fipps served as Under Armour’s chief digital officer from 2018 through 2020, and as chief technology officer from 2017 through 2018. Prior to this role, he served as the companys CIO and executive VP of global operations after joining the company in 2014 as senior VP of global operations."}
{"id": "doc1872", "text": "“Pauls appointment as CXO, a newly created position, is an important milestone for Under Armour as it underscores our desire to unify, elevate and truly harness the power and intersection of product, brand and experience,” said Frisk. “As the chief architect for designing a seamless and holistic consumer experience and implementing a consumer-led digital strategy, he will work to ensure that our operational framework is advancing with the preferences of our increasingly sophisticated consumers."}
{"id": "doc1873", "text": "Both appointments are effective Feb. 17, and both report directly to Frisk."}
{"id": "doc1874", "text": "Both Colin and Paul are proven leaders who have played significant roles in Under Armours ongoing strategic and operational transformation, said Frisk. As we continue work to instill greater efficiency and discipline across the brand to enable deeper connections with consumers, these leadership appointments further advance our ability to successfully execute against our long-term strategies."}
{"id": "doc1875", "text": "Macys has big ambitions for four of its strongest exclusive brands."}
{"id": "doc1876", "text": "As part of its newly announced three-year plan, the department store giant said it is committed to a more “focused approach” to its higher-margin private brands business, with plans to build four $1 billion in-house brands. At its investor meeting in New York City, Macy’s identified the four brands as Charter Club, Style & Co., International Concepts and Alfani. The company also said that it is on track for its private brands to make up 25% of sales by 2025."}
{"id": "doc1877", "text": "Macy’s new push comes as other retailers, including Kohl’s, have been expanding their private-label offerings — and not just in apparel. On Wednesday, Target unveiled its latest offering, a “premium” luggage brand called Open Story. It features nearly 40 luggage and accessory items ranging from $19.99 to $179.99, with a lineup that includes backpacks, garment bags, packing cubes and sleek-looking luggage in such stylish colors as violet and cedar. "}
{"id": "doc1878", "text": "In line with its plans, Macy’s said it is implementing a new private brand sourcing strategy that is expected to reduce costs and improve speed."}
{"id": "doc1879", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1880", "text": "Best Buy chief executive Corie Barry is staying put."}
{"id": "doc1881", "text": "The retailers board of directors announced that it has concluded its investigation into an anonymous allegation that Barry, prior to her becoming CEO, had a inappropriate relationship with a former Best Buy executive. In a short statement, the board said it supports her remaining as chief executive."}
{"id": "doc1882", "text": "“The Board takes allegations of misconduct seriously regardless of who is the subject,” the statement read. “When the Board received an anonymous letter regarding Corie Barry, the Audit Committee immediately retained outside legal counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, to conduct an independent review. Ms. Barry fully cooperated with the review, which has now concluded. The Board supports the continued leadership of the Company by Ms. Barry.”"}
{"id": "doc1883", "text": "Barry also released a statement:"}
{"id": "doc1884", "text": "“I appreciate the Board’s support and look forward to continuing to execute on our strategic vision to Build the New Blue: Chapter Two,” she said."}
{"id": "doc1885", "text": "Best Buy has not revealed the contents of the letter, which was also sent to several to several news organizations, including the Star Tribune. The letter writers said Barry should resign or the board should fire her. "}
{"id": "doc1886", "text": "Macy’s Inc. is slashing staff and shuttering stores and closing its downtown Cincinnati offices as part of a three-year plan that it said is designed to stabilize profitability and position the company for growth."}
{"id": "doc1887", "text": "The department store giant plans to close approximately 125 of its least productive stores during the next three years, including approximately 30 locations that are already in the process of being closed. Macy’s said the 125 stores currently account for approximately $1.4 billion in annual sales."}
{"id": "doc1888", "text": "Macy’s said the decision to shutter the stores followed a “rigorous evaluation” of its store portfolio. The review included a store-level assessment of each store’s overall value to the fleet, including predicted profitability based on consumer trends and demographics. "}
{"id": "doc1889", "text": "The retailer also is streamlining its organization with a net reduction in its corporate and support function headcount of 9%, or approximately 2,000 positions."}
{"id": "doc1890", "text": "In another big move, Macy is making New York City its sole corporate headquarters. The company will close its San Francisco, downtown Cincinnati and Lorain, Ohio, offices. It also is closing its customer contact center in Tempe, Arizona, consolidating all customer service work into its Mason, Ohio, and Clearwater, Fla., facilities. "}
{"id": "doc1891", "text": "  “We are taking the organization through significant structural change to lower costs, bring teams closer together and reduce duplicative work,” said Macy’s chairman and CEO Jeff Gennette. “This will be a tough week for our team as we say goodbye to great colleagues and good friends. The changes we are making are deep and impact every area of the business, but they are necessary. I know we will come out of this transition stronger, more agile and better fit to compete in today’s retail environment."}
{"id": "doc1892", "text": "Macy’s also announced, as was previously reported, that it is testing a new store format. The concept, called Market by Macy’s, is smaller than an average Macy’s store and will be located off-mall in lifestyle centers. It will feature a mix of curated Macy’s merchandise and local goods, as well as local food and beverage options and a robust community events calendar. The first Market by Macy’s will open in Dallas, on February 6, 2020."}
{"id": "doc1893", "text": "Beginning in 2020, Macy’s  expects to generate annual gross savings of about $1.5 billion, which will be fully realized by the end of 2022. For 2020,  Macy’s is anticipating gross savings of roughly $600 million, “some of which will flow to the bottom line in order to stabilize operating margin.”"}
{"id": "doc1894", "text": "Other initiatives announced in line with Macy’s three-year plan are below."}
{"id": "doc1895", "text": "• Macy’s will continue to expand its off-price offering, Macy’s Backstage, during the next three years. In 2020, the company plans to open an additional 50 Backstage in-store locations in Macy’s stores and seven additional freestanding, off-mall Backstage stores."}
{"id": "doc1896", "text": "• Macy’s will roll out its “Growth” treatment to an additional 100 stores in 2020. The update includes improvements to the physical store, as well as investments in merchandising strategies, technology improvements, talent and local marketing. To date, the treatment has been applied to 150 locations, which account for approximately 50% of 2019 total stores’ sales. The updated stores continue to outperform the balance of the fleet, according to Macy’s."}
{"id": "doc1897", "text": "“We have an opportunity to build a broader yet integrated Macy’s experience within a metropolitan area by investing in our magnet stores, building freestanding Backstage locations and testing new, off-mall store formats,” said Gennette. “The more convenient, brand-right touchpoints we have, the greater loyalty and engagement we engender. This will enable us to grow with the next generation of American shoppers.”"}
{"id": "doc1898", "text": " •The  company is implementing a new private brand sourcing strategy that is expected to reduce costs and improve speed and is redesigning its fulfillment network, which is expected to improve inventory productivity through increased sell throughs and lower markdown rates."}
{"id": "doc1899", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1900", "text": "Forever 21 is looking to sell its retail business to a group that includes two of its biggest landlords."}
{"id": "doc1901", "text": "According to documents filed in bankruptcy court, the fast-fashion chain has reached an agreement to sell its assets to a group of buyers that includes Simon Property Group Inc., Brookfield Property Partners and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group for $81.1 million. In the filing, Forever 21 said it is seeking approval to name the three companies at the lead, stalking-horse bidders in an auction. The sale would include most of Forever 21s assets, including its namesake stores, RileyRose beauty stores and its e-commerce platforms."}
{"id": "doc1902", "text": "Other potential buyers have until Friday, Feb.7, to make a counteroffer. If other bids come forth, an auction will be held on Feb. 10. Forever 21 is looking to seek approval of the sale by Feb. 11.  (The Chang family that founded and operates the chain has been working to make an offer by joining up with a private-equity company, the Wall Street Journal reported.)"}
{"id": "doc1903", "text": "Forever 21 filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September, with a plan to close most of its global locations and up to 178 U.S. stores. The company had a total of 815 stores at the time of the filing including 549 locations in the U.S. (It has closed some 100 U.S. stores since the filing.) In court fillings in December, Forever 21 disclosed it has renegotiated its loan to avoid a default in bankruptcy. "}
{"id": "doc1904", "text": "This is not the first time mall owners have stepped in to save a major tenant from likely liquidation and the resulting vacant storefronts in their properties. In 2016, Simon and General Growth Properties, now owned by Brookfield Properties, partnered together as part of a group that won an auction to buy the Aeropostale brand out of bankruptcy court, ultimately keeping its stores open."}
{"id": "doc1905", "text": "Simon and Brookfield ranks among Forever 21’s largest unsecured creditors. "}
{"id": "doc1906", "text": "The third partner in the group to save Forever 21 is Authentic Brands Group, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, after it filed for bankruptcy."}
{"id": "doc1907", "text": "Staples is thinking outside the office with a reimagined store format that spotlights coworking, podcasting and community event spaces."}
{"id": "doc1908", "text": "The new concept, called Staples Connect, makes its official debut on Feb. 5, in six redesigned stores in the Boston area (Boston, Cambridge, Needham, Brighton, Danvers, and Somerville). More than a place to make a transaction, the format offers customer-focused solutions and experiences, with hands-on learning opportunities for professionals, teachers, and students. "}
{"id": "doc1909", "text": "Among the offerings are a 500-sq.-ft. community space where customers can connect and learn by hosting or attending events, such as speaker sessions, workshops, seminars, meetings and more. In partnership with iHeartRadio, the store also includes a dedicated podcast studio where customers can schedule a recording session. The space features a soundproof room with professional equipment for up to four people, with a dedicated in-house specialist available to assist."}
{"id": "doc1910", "text": "The new format is also home to Staples’ co-working concept, Staples Studio, which the company has been rolling out in select locations in its home state of Massachusetts, along with three locations in Canada. "}
{"id": "doc1911", "text": "The merchandise layout is designed around solutions for home offices, small businesses, and classrooms. The update includes nearly 1,000 new products and 40 new brands such as Apple, Sonos, and Bose."}
{"id": "doc1912", "text": "In addition, every Staples Connect store offers tech services, print & marketing services, TSA pre-check enrollment and professional services, —including marketing, legal and tax and finance — offered by selected partners.  "}
{"id": "doc1913", "text": "“We recognize that the way people shop is changing, and with the launch of Staples Connect we are adapting to fit the needs of our customers,” said Mike Motz, CEO, Staples US Retail. “Our customers are teachers, students of all ages, small business owners and side hustlers. Research shows that much of what they are seeking is real human interaction with members of their community and industry, which is key to productivity and growth. At Staples Connect, we do more than just supply your success through product offerings, we wholeheartedly support it.”"}
{"id": "doc1914", "text": "In addition to the six dedicated locations, certain elements of Staples Connect can be found in stores throughout Massachusetts."}
{"id": "doc1915", "text": "Earth Fare has been done in by debt and ongoing disruption in the retail grocery marketplace. "}
{"id": "doc1916", "text": "The natural and organic foods grocery chain announced that it is beginning liquidation sales as it prepares to close its stores and corporate office. It is the third specialty grocer in recent weeks to seek a buyer or shut down operations, following in the steps of New York-based Fairway Market and Boulder, Colo.-based Lucky’s Market, both of which have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection."}
{"id": "doc1917", "text": "Earth Fare has implemented numerous initiatives in recent years aimed at growth and expansion and enhancing the customer experience. But the grocer, which operates approximately 50 stores in 10 states, said its efforts were not enough."}
{"id": "doc1918", "text": "“While many of these initiatives improved the business, continued challenges in the retail industry impeded the companys progress as well as its ability to refinance its debt,” Earth Fare stated. “As a result, Earth Fare is not in a financial position to continue to operate on a go-forward basis. As such, we have made the difficult, but necessary decision to commence inventory liquidation sales while we continue to engage in a process to find potential suitors for our stores.”"}
{"id": "doc1919", "text": "Private equity firm Oak Hill Capital owns an 80% stake in Earth Fare, which was founded in 1975. The retailer said it has notified all employees of the impending closures and will continue to pursue a sale of assets, in whole or in parts, during the liquidation process. "}
{"id": "doc1920", "text": "Earth Fare sells foods and products that it says are free of hormones, antibiotics, preservatives and artificial ingredients. In line with its focus on “clean food,” Earth Fare stores feature products and programs to make it easier for shoppers to incorporate a better-for-you eating strategy into their lifestyles."}
{"id": "doc1921", "text": "It has been challenged by increased competition in recent years, not only from online players and specialty grocers in its sector, but also by more traditional ones such as Kroger, Publix and Walmart, which have increased their natural and organic assortment. "}
{"id": "doc1922", "text": "WeWork, the embattled co-working office space company, has ended its search for a new CEO by naming a seasoned retail real estate executive to the post.  "}
{"id": "doc1923", "text": "WeWork named Sandeep Mathrani as CEO and a member of the board, effective Feb. 18. Most recently, he served as CEO of Brookfield Properties’ retail group. Prior to that, he was CEO of General Growth Properties for eight years. (In August 2018, GGP was sold to Brookfield Property Partners.)"}
{"id": "doc1924", "text": "Prior to joining GGP in 2010, Mathrani was president of retail for Vornado Realty Trust, where he oversaw the firm’s U.S. retail real estate division and operations in India comprised principally of office properties. Before that, he spent nearly a decade as executive VP at Forest City Ratner."}
{"id": "doc1925", "text": "Mathrani replaces Artie Minson and Sebastian Gunningham, who were named temporary co-CEOs of WeWork in September after the departure of Adam Neumann, the company’s controversial and free spending co-founder. Neumann stepped down as CEO under pressure from directors and investors after the company shelved its planned IPO. The prospectus filing revealed heavy losses, numerous conflicts of interest and what many considered to be unlimited power by Neumann. "}
{"id": "doc1926", "text": "“During this time, we have led an exhaustive search to identify a collaborative partner who is dedicated to the future success of WeWork,” said Marcelo Claure, executive chairman, WeWork. “Sandeep is that person. He is the partner of choice with the right skills and experience as we work to execute WeWork’s transformation. He is a proven leader with turnaround expertise in the real estate industry, and we are thrilled to welcome him to WeWork.”"}
{"id": "doc1927", "text": "WeWork has lost 80% of its valuation since the beginning of 2019, according to the Wall Street Journal. With the help of its largest investor, Softbank, the company is working on implementing a five-year financial plan that includes a goal to reach profitability by 2021."}
{"id": "doc1928", "text": "As of the close of its 2019 fourth quarter, WeWork had 740 locations across 140 cities and 37 countries, as well as 662,000+ memberships, including global enterprises."}
{"id": "doc1929", "text": "J.C. Penney Company continues to remake its leadership team under the leadership of CEO Jill Soltau, naming six new VPs."}
{"id": "doc1930", "text": "The struggling retailer named Wendy Santana as VP of business development, responsible for identifying and overseeing partnerships and strategic business initiatives. She joins Penney after 20 years at Li & Fung – LF Americas/Oxford Collections, where she most recently served as executive VP. "}
{"id": "doc1931", "text": "In the marketing area, Penney named Jill Feldman as VP of marketing, and Roger Worak, as VP of customer engagement and insights. Feldman spent 11 years at Famous Footwear, most recently as VP, marketing and brand strategy. Worak joins Penney from Front Burner Brands, where he was VP of digital engagement following his role as senior director of digital marketing, CRM, and loyalty at Hard Rock International"}
{"id": "doc1932", "text": "Also, Dan Matarelli was tapped as VP of digital marketing. Most recently, he served as director of digital marketing at Sprouts Farmers Market. And in a role announced in October, Robin Beuthin was named VP of creative marketing. Beuthin joined Penney from The Walt Disney Company, where she was VP of retail brand and creative."}
{"id": "doc1933", "text": "In other appointments, Jeff Csuy was named as VP of merchandise strategy and operations. He joins Penney from Joann Stores, where he most recently served as senior VP, merchandising for sewing, everyday home, education, and services. Csuy reports to Michelle Wlazlo, executive VP and chief merchant. "}
{"id": "doc1934", "text": "“We continue to build a strong and talented team of leaders at J.C. Penney who will champion us through our Plan for Renewal,” said Soltau. “These appointments ensure we are set up for success as we work tirelessly to drive traffic, fuel growth, and provide our customers with compelling merchandise and engaging, shared experiences at every touchpoint.”"}
{"id": "doc1935", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods will be busy in February. "}
{"id": "doc1936", "text": "The nation’s largest full-line sporting goods retailer will open a namesake store, at Broadway Square in Tyler Texas, and one at the Village at Lee Branch in Birmingham, Ala., on Feb. 28. The Alabama location will also include a Golf Galaxy. "}
{"id": "doc1937", "text": "Following the openings, Dick’s will have 727 namesake stores and 95 Golf Galaxy stores in 47 states. The new locations will bring approximately 132 collective jobs to these communities through the hiring of full-time, part-time and temporary associates for the stores."}
{"id": "doc1938", "text": "The Retail Design Institute is accepting entries for its annual International Design competition."}
{"id": "doc1939", "text": "The competition, now in its 49th year, celebrates exceptional retail experiences ranging from full-line traditional department stores to specialty apparel stores and restaurants to kiosks and pop-up/pop-in shops."}
{"id": "doc1940", "text": "Design firms and in-house retail design teams from around the globe are invited to submit projects covering all retail formats. Submissions must include up to eight images for specialty stores and up to 12 images for department, large format and supermarkets. Each entry must include a 750-word narrative summary, plus captioned images. (Entries may not include multiple locations representing a single retailer.)"}
{"id": "doc1941", "text": "Projects eligible to be entered are those completed between January 1, 2019 and December 31, 2019. The competition portal closes March 2, 2020. Click here for more information."}
{"id": "doc1942", "text": "The “Class of 2020” (finalists for Best in Class award) will be announced in March 2020. The finalists will be celebrated along with the Store of Year (Best in Class) winner will be announced at the 49th Awards Gala, May 20, 2020 in New York City. Winning projects will also be published."}
{"id": "doc1943", "text": "For help or more information, contact Janet Groeber at [email protected]"}
{"id": "doc1944", "text": "J.C. Penney Co.’s weak stock price has caught up with it — again."}
{"id": "doc1945", "text": "J.C. Penney Co. announced that the company has received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange that it no longer meets the exchange’s criteria for a continued listing. NYSE rules state that companies have to maintain an average closing share price of at least $1 for 30 consecutive days.  "}
{"id": "doc1946", "text": "Penney has six month from the receipt of the letter, which it received on Jan. 31, to regain compliance with the share price rule. The retailer previously received a letter of non-compliance in August 2019. "}
{"id": "doc1947", "text": "In its announcement, Penney that it intends to regain compliance by pursuing measures that may include a reverse stock split, a measure that would require shareholder approval."}
{"id": "doc1948", "text": "Dollar General is looking to hire thousands of new employees."}
{"id": "doc1949", "text": "The discounter said it plans to create more than 8,000 new career opportunities in fiscal year 2020 through anticipated store and distribution center growth. In the past five years, Dollar General’s workforce has grown from 105,000 employees (February 2015) to more than 143,000 current employees"}
{"id": "doc1950", "text": "Dollar General operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc1951", "text": "“Candidates who join Dollar General can find numerous opportunities to begin or develop their career, demonstrated by the fact approximately 12,000 current store managers and tens of thousands of additional employees have been promoted from within,” said Kathy Reardon, Dollar General’s senior VP and chief people officer. “We are also proud to provide employees with a culture rooted in our mission of Serving Others, world-class training and development programs that support our employees’ career growth and a continual commitment to recruit, train and develop top talent to best serve our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc1952", "text": "Ross Stores is losing one of its longtime merchandising executives."}
{"id": "doc1953", "text": "The fast-growing off-pricer announced that Bernie Brautigan, president, merchandising of Ross Dress for Less since 2016, is leaving the company. Senior merchant executives under his areas of responsibility will now report to CEO Barbara Rentler."}
{"id": "doc1954", "text": "“Bernie has made numerous valuable contributions over his 16-year career as a merchandising executive at Ross Dress for Less,” Rentler stated. “We have a very talented and long-tenured team of senior merchandising leaders directing a large organization of more than 800 buyers.”"}
{"id": "doc1955", "text": "As of January 9, 2020, the company operates 1,550 Ross locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 260 dd’s Discounts stores in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc1956", "text": "Ross Stores sees plenty of room for expansion as it continues to move into new markets."}
{"id": "doc1957", "text": "The off-pricer opened 19 stores and seven dds Discounts outlets across nine different states in February and March. The locations are part of the companys plans to add approximately 100 new stores – 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations – during fiscal 2020. "}
{"id": "doc1958", "text": "These recent openings reflect our ongoing plans to continue building our presence in both existing and newer markets, including the Midwest for Ross, and expansion of dds Discounts into Indiana, said Gregg McGillis, group executive VP, property development. “As we look out over the long-term, we remain confident that Ross can grow to 2,400 locations and dds discounts can become a chain of 600 stores given consumers ongoing focus on value."}
{"id": "doc1959", "text": "Currently, Ross operates 1,565 namesake locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 266 dd’s Discounts stores in 20 states. "}
{"id": "doc1960", "text": "Last week, Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates."}
{"id": "doc1961", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets is giving Manhattan customers seamless access to products in its Brooklyn, N.Y., store."}
{"id": "doc1962", "text": "The grocery retailer, which opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. store in Brooklyn in October 2019, is expanding the range of online delivery for the location in partnership with Instacart. Customers located in Manhattan can visit the Wegmans site or app to confirm they are within the delivery area and start shopping. With the expanded radius, delivery from the Brooklyn store is now available to all Manhattan ZIP codes. "}
{"id": "doc1963", "text": "To accommodate the longer drive times, delivery to Manhattan addresses often requires longer delivery windows, ranging between two and five hours. Customers can also shop Wegmans’ Brooklyn store on the Instacart site or app. Wegmans delivery starts at $3.99, or free for Instacart Express members, on orders of $35 or more. For delivery, Wegmans adds a price increase to items ordered to cover the cost of Instacart shopping services."}
{"id": "doc1964", "text": "“Expanding delivery into Manhattan has been on our radar since opening our Brooklyn store,” said Erica Tickle, director of e-commerce for Wegmans. “We’ve heard from customers this would make life easier for them, and with major investments in e-commerce like our new website and app, the timing couldn’t be better to make ordering favorite Wegmans brand products and fresh foods available for delivery to Manhattan.”"}
{"id": "doc1965", "text": "“By expanding our partnership to enable delivery from the Wegmans Brooklyn location into Manhattan, we’re giving New Yorkers a convenient, new way to get the groceries and household essentials they need from the grocer they love,” said Andrew Nodes, VP of retail at Instacart. “The Brooklyn store opening was a big moment for New Yorkers, especially to those who have been shopping at Wegmans outside of the city for generations.”"}
{"id": "doc1966", "text": "Partnering with Instacart, Wegmans offers online delivery across its 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc1967", "text": "Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Inc. is ensuring corporate headquarters and stores stay in touch."}
{"id": "doc1968", "text": "The extreme value retailer is deploying Opterus OpsCenter, a multi-modular cloud solution designed to streamline the centralized management and execution of store tasks and communications. The solution measures and increases operational compliance, communicates corporate policy, manages day-to-day objectives and tasks, and manages processes linking corporate office and store locations. "}
{"id": "doc1969", "text": "“We are excited to be able to provide Ollie’s Bargain Outlet with the enhanced store associate collaboration they were looking for along with comprehensive reporting of closed tickets, completed tasks and overall communications,” said Gary Stonell, VP, business development, Opterus Inc. "}
{"id": "doc1970", "text": "Other retailers are also leveraging Opterus OpsCenter. Canadian footwear chain Browns Shoes has replaced an internally-built email and task platform with OpsCenter to deliver clear, concise information to stores."}
{"id": "doc1971", "text": "Ollie’s currently operates 345 stores in 25 states throughout the Eastern half of the U.S."}
{"id": "doc1972", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1973", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1974", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1975", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1976", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1977", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1978", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1979", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1980", "text": "With increased traffic and sales, the holidays also bring retailers heightened risk of cyberattack."}
{"id": "doc1981", "text": "Chain Store Age recently discussed the most pressing security threats facing retailers during the 2019 holiday season and beyond with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a senior computer scientist on the Cyber Task Force at the FBI Seattle field office, shared insight on the latest cybercrime techniques retailers must defend themselves against as peak season approaches."}
{"id": "doc1982", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during Black Friday?"}
{"id": "doc1983", "text": "“There is a new trend of cybercriminals using more targeted, strategic ransomware to lock up computers and demand extortion payments to unlock them. In the past, threat actors focused on stealing payment card records from retailers and paid close attention to the days leading up to Black Friday. "}
{"id": "doc1984", "text": "“The whole holiday shopping season was a lucrative time, as there is a high volume of card-present transactions. Criminals would install machines in card swipes at POS terminals. As they got hit hard with these type of attacks, more retailers began implementing EMV readers and point-to-point encryptors, making it difficult to steal card numbers."}
{"id": "doc1985", "text": "“While there is still a hot market to purchase stolen card numbers, ransomware has gone from a scattershot, random attack to a targeted, strategic attack. Companies frequently buy cyberinsurance, and many policies will help pay for ransom. The cybercriminals have a list of what insurance companies are willing to pay and what insurance companies retailers are using. "}
{"id": "doc1986", "text": "“Hackers will also time a ransomware attack so retailers have short timeframe to make a decision. If a retailer is facing a period of two to three weeks to restore their systems from backup during the holiday shopping period and the hacker promises that if they put in the secret key they will get by paying ransom their systems will be back in one day, there is a strong incentive to pay.”"}
{"id": "doc1987", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face for Cyber Monday?"}
{"id": "doc1988", "text": "“We are seeing a huge increase in the number of attacks on e-commerce sites that provide services for online retailers. For example, a company that provides a turnkey solution retailers can use for shipping. A hacker who gains access can install malware on multiple different retailers at once and collect card data as it is entered into site."}
{"id": "doc1989", "text": "“These are known as ‘Magecart’ attacks, and are being perpetrated by many unrelated groups who are using similar techniques to compromise online retailers. They gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase. Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc1990", "text": "(Editor’s note: Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack.) "}
{"id": "doc1991", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during the remainder of the holiday season?"}
{"id": "doc1992", "text": "“Retailers face the same threats post-Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with malware harvesting card data as customers make transactions in person or online, and ransomware/extortion attacks. In the past few months, there have been reports of the coming together of threat actors who typically operate in separate circles, selling criminal services requiring special skills."}
{"id": "doc1993", "text": "“For example, some threat actors break into networks all day and have their own expertise. Others are experts at social engineering or phishing, or develop custom malware that standard antivirus programs won’t recognize. They advertise on the dark web and share data on activities like locking up computers with ransomware."}
{"id": "doc1994", "text": "“Researchers got the idea to analyze the dark web to discover which companies were being targeted, so now cybercriminals share information in vague terms or directly cooperate with large ransomware groups. They may sell their expert  criminal services exclusively to one steady customer they know can pay.”"}
{"id": "doc1995", "text": "What is the biggest threat on the horizon for 2020?"}
{"id": "doc1996", "text": "“More retailers will adopt proactive security strategies to protect their networks and receive alerts when threat actors are in the network. A natural consequence has been threat actors have become more advanced in researching security products. They acquire the same security products retailers use and put smart people to work researching, reverse engineering and testing security products to learn how to evade them and obtain access to high-value targets. "}
{"id": "doc1997", "text": "“Retailers need to not just prevent and block threat actors, who always find ways to evade security software, but also detect them once they are inside the network.” "}
{"id": "doc1998", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc1999", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2000", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2001", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2002", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2003", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2004", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2005", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2006", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2007", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2008", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2009", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2010", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2011", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2012", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2013", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2014", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2015", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2016", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2017", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2018", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2019", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2020", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2021", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2022", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2023", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2024", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2025", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2026", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2027", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2028", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2029", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2030", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2031", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2032", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2033", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2034", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2035", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2036", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2037", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2038", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2039", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2040", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2041", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2042", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2043", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2044", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2045", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2046", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2047", "text": "Showrooming refers to consumers visiting a brick and mortar retail store to research a product and then looking up its lowest price online, either right there in the store via their smartphone or back home at their computer. This frequently leads to lost sales for the retailer in those cases where they make the purchase elsewhere. Thusly, they turn the retail store into a showroom. 82% of shoppers in the US and UK have used their smartphone to compare prices in-store. It is an increasingly common phenomenon that now has a fancy name.Consumers don’t “showroom.” They buy. How they buy is changing. The real conversation about show- rooming must focus on how retailers can participate in this change, starting with a strong look at the role of the store and how they can deliver a single retail experience across their channels at the point of purchase."}
{"id": "doc2048", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2049", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2050", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2051", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2052", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2053", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2054", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2055", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2056", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2057", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2058", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2059", "text": "To thrive, retailers need to understand their customers as individual consumers. They are applying analytics with real-time technologies to stay ahead of consumer demand, target customers more precisely and drive greater efficiencies throughout the enterprise.The key is to move beyond making decisions that boost short-term sales and instead use technology to fortify the relationship with consumers. This approach creates a brand experience that can be as important, or more so, as the products being sold."}
{"id": "doc2060", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2061", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2062", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2063", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2064", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2065", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2066", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2067", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2068", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2069", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2070", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2071", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2072", "text": "Todays consumer has more shopping options, and more channels of commerce and interaction, than ever before. As a result, the customer experience is changing to incorporate new channels and technologies, and retailers must change to keep pace. This whitepaper examines how customer intelligence tools can be used to personalize the customer experience and drive higher customer satisfaction and conversion rates.Sponsored by:"}
{"id": "doc2073", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2074", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2075", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2076", "text": "A specialty fashion retailer is scaling its highly personalized brick-and-mortar experience for the web."}
{"id": "doc2077", "text": "California-based Ruti, which operates eight stores across the U.S. as well as an e-commerce site, has raised $6 million in a Series A funding round led by Viola Ventures. Ruti will use the investment to expand development of its proprietary in-store technology platform, including the addition of a customized digital experience."}
{"id": "doc2078", "text": "The retailer is building upon a proprietary, artificial intelligence (AI)-based technology platform that provides brick-and-mortar customers with a hyper-personalized, high-touch experience. Using opt-in facial recognition technology, the system scans and photographs a customer’s face when they enter the store, with the image uploaded to Ruti’s CRM system."}
{"id": "doc2079", "text": "The AI system can identify repeat customers within seconds, sending their history, profile, and individually recommended products to sales associates. In addition, the system continuously builds customers’ profiles, including past purchases, items they’ve tried on, and other attributes. Customer feedback gathered on the database influences inventory and design process for upcoming collections. Repeat customers account for 75% of Ruti’s business."}
{"id": "doc2080", "text": "In addition to enhancing its online presence, over the next year, the company plans to expand its current team to support its online and offline growth and grow geographically to meet global customer demand."}
{"id": "doc2081", "text": "“This funding will be used to bring the high-touch experience of our in-store experience to our online store,” said Ruti Zisser, CEO and co-founder of Ruti. “The traditional e-commerce approach might work for high frequency, low-cost items, but when it comes to unique products and truly personal customer relationships, we knew we had to develop a better approach.”"}
{"id": "doc2082", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2083", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2084", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2085", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2086", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2087", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2088", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2089", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2090", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2091", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2092", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2093", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2094", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2095", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2096", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2097", "text": "Ross Stores is losing one of its longtime merchandising executives."}
{"id": "doc2098", "text": "The fast-growing off-pricer announced that Bernie Brautigan, president, merchandising of Ross Dress for Less since 2016, is leaving the company. Senior merchant executives under his areas of responsibility will now report to CEO Barbara Rentler."}
{"id": "doc2099", "text": "“Bernie has made numerous valuable contributions over his 16-year career as a merchandising executive at Ross Dress for Less,” Rentler stated. “We have a very talented and long-tenured team of senior merchandising leaders directing a large organization of more than 800 buyers.”"}
{"id": "doc2100", "text": "As of January 9, 2020, the company operates 1,550 Ross locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 260 dd’s Discounts stores in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc2101", "text": "Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates. "}
{"id": "doc2102", "text": "On an earnings call, executives from the off-price giant said the company plans to add about 100 stores this year, consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations."}
{"id": "doc2103", "text": "Ross reported fourth-quarter net earnings of $456.1 million, or $1.28 per share, versus $441.7 million, or $1.20 per share, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.25 per share."}
{"id": "doc2104", "text": "Sales rose to $4.41 billion from $4.11 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $4.36 billion. Same-store sales increased 4%. The fourth-quarter operating margin of 13.3% was slightly better than expected, driven by higher merchandise margin."}
{"id": "doc2105", "text": "For the 2019 fiscal year, earnings per share increased 8% to $4.60, compared to $4.26 in the prior year. Net income for the period was $1.7 billion, up from $1.6 billion last year. Sales for the 2019 year grew 7% to $16.0 billion."}
{"id": "doc2106", "text": "“As we enter 2020, we continue to face our own strong long-term sales and earnings results plus ongoing uncertainty in the macro-economic, political, and retail landscapes,” said CEO Barbara Rentler. “Therefore, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook when projecting our performance for the coming year.”"}
{"id": "doc2107", "text": "The retailer’s guidance also does not reflect the “potential unknown impacts” from the evolving coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc2108", "text": "“While we are closely monitoring the situation, there remains a high level of uncertainty over supply chain disruptions in China,” Rentler said. “In addition, it is unclear how a further possible spread of the coronavirus could negatively impact U.S. consumer demand.”"}
{"id": "doc2109", "text": "Ross operates 1,546 locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 259 dd’s Discounts stores. "}
{"id": "doc2110", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc2111", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc2112", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc2113", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc2114", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc2115", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc2116", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc2117", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc2118", "text": "Ulta Beauty reported better-than-expected earnings for its third quarter even as its sales fell short of estimates amid ongoing weakness in a core category."}
{"id": "doc2119", "text": "Net earnings totaled $129.7 million, or $2.25 a share, in the quarter ended Nov.3, compared with $131.2 million, or $2.18 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.13 a share. "}
{"id": "doc2120", "text": "Net sales rose 7.9% to $1.68 billion, just missing estimates.  Skincare was one of Ulta’s strongest growth categories in the quarter, with prestige, mass and suncare all delivering double-digit comps, company executives said on the chain’s earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc2121", "text": "Comparable sales (including and e-commerce sales) increased 3.2%, driven by 2.3% transaction growth and 0.9% growth in average ticket."}
{"id": "doc2122", "text": "“The Ulta Beauty team delivered another quarter of solid top-line performance, gross margin expansion, and EPS growth, despite the current challenges facing the U.S. cosmetics category,” said Mary Dillon, CEO. “We continue to gain market share across all major beauty categories, and we are extending our leadership position by creating stronger connections with our guests and engaging with them in better and more exciting ways.”"}
{"id": "doc2123", "text": "On the earnings call, Dillon said that that growth in the overall U.S. beauty industry continues to be constrained by softness in the makeup category. "}
{"id": "doc2124", "text": "“We continue to believe that the headwinds facing the makeup category are largely cyclical, resulting from a lack of incremental innovation and compelling newness,” she said. “We remain confident that makeup category will return to growth, but recognize that it will take time.”"}
{"id": "doc2125", "text": "For fiscal 2019, Ulta said it now expects earnings per share between $11.93 and $12.03 versus a previous expectation of $11.86 and $12.06. "}
{"id": "doc2126", "text": "Ulta ended the third quarter with 1,241 stores."}
{"id": "doc2127", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc2128", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc2129", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc2130", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc2131", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc2132", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc2133", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc2134", "text": "A regional sporting goods retailer has entered two new states via an acquisition."}
{"id": "doc2135", "text": "Utah-based Sportsman’s Wearhouse opened eight stores on October 19, as part of its recent acquisition of Field & Stream stores. With the openings, Sportman’s Wearhouse enters the states of New York and Pennsylvania for the first time. (Two of the acquired stores are in New York, three are in Pennsylvania, two are in North Carolina and one is in Michigan.)"}
{"id": "doc2136", "text": "Each location averages roughly 50,000 sq. ft. and features more than 60,000 region-specific products for outdoor activities, including hunting, fishing and camping. "}
{"id": "doc2137", "text": "Founded in 1986, Sportsmans Warehouse now operates 103 stores in 27 states.  "}
{"id": "doc2138", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods’ decision to pull back on gun sales has turned into a boon for Sportsman’s Warehouse."}
{"id": "doc2139", "text": "The Utah-based chain has agreed to buy eight of Dick’s outdoor-focused Field & Stream stores for $28 million, reported the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "}
{"id": "doc2140", "text": "“Each of these stores operates in strong markets, with well-established customer bases,” said Sportsman CEO Jon Barker, whose 95-store chain has a robust gun, ammo, and firearm accessories business."}
{"id": "doc2141", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores are located in Washington, Altoona, and Camp Hill, Pa.; Horseheads and Rochester, N.Y.; Greensboro and Asheville, N.C.; and Troy, Mich."}
{"id": "doc2142", "text": "In 2018, following the Parkland High School shooting in Florida, Dick’s stopped selling sporting rifles at Field & Stream stores and later removed hunting merchandise from 125 Dick’s stores."}
{"id": "doc2143", "text": "Nearly half of Sportsman’s Warehouse’s revenues derive from sales of firearms and hunting merchandise, industry analyst Camilla Yanushevsky told the Post-Gazette."}
{"id": "doc2144", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc2145", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc2146", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc2147", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc2148", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc2149", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc2150", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc2151", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc2152", "text": "Sportsmans Warehouse Holdings is expanding into a new market. "}
{"id": "doc2153", "text": "The sporting goods retailer announced plans to open three new stores. A location will open in Parker, Colo., in February, followed by one in Brentwood, Calif., in August. And in October, Sportsman’s will open its first location in Southern California, in the town of Corona."}
{"id": "doc2154", "text": "The three new locations are Sportsmans first announced store openings in 2020, with additional openings likely to be announced in the near future.  Including the three new outposts, Sportsmans will have a total of 107 stores in 27 states."}
{"id": "doc2155", "text": "“While other competitors de-emphasize or exit the space, Sportsmans continues to opportunistically open new stores and grow our business through both e-commerce and store locations,” stated Jon Barker, Sportsmans CEO."}
{"id": "doc2156", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc2157", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc2158", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc2159", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc2160", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc2161", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc2162", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc2163", "text": "A regional sporting goods retailer has entered two new states via an acquisition."}
{"id": "doc2164", "text": "Utah-based Sportsman’s Wearhouse opened eight stores on October 19, as part of its recent acquisition of Field & Stream stores. With the openings, Sportman’s Wearhouse enters the states of New York and Pennsylvania for the first time. (Two of the acquired stores are in New York, three are in Pennsylvania, two are in North Carolina and one is in Michigan.)"}
{"id": "doc2165", "text": "Each location averages roughly 50,000 sq. ft. and features more than 60,000 region-specific products for outdoor activities, including hunting, fishing and camping. "}
{"id": "doc2166", "text": "Founded in 1986, Sportsmans Warehouse now operates 103 stores in 27 states.  "}
{"id": "doc2167", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc2168", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc2169", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc2170", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc2171", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc2172", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc2173", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc2174", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc2175", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods will be busy in February. "}
{"id": "doc2176", "text": "The nation’s largest full-line sporting goods retailer will open a namesake store, at Broadway Square in Tyler Texas, and one at the Village at Lee Branch in Birmingham, Ala., on Feb. 28. The Alabama location will also include a Golf Galaxy. "}
{"id": "doc2177", "text": "Following the openings, Dick’s will have 727 namesake stores and 95 Golf Galaxy stores in 47 states. The new locations will bring approximately 132 collective jobs to these communities through the hiring of full-time, part-time and temporary associates for the stores."}
{"id": "doc2178", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc2179", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc2180", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc2181", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc2182", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc2183", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc2184", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc2185", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc2186", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods raised its full-year profit outlook on the heels of a strong quarter with better-than-expected earnings and sales."}
{"id": "doc2187", "text": "Net income for the quarter rose to $57.6 million, or 66 cents per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $37.8 million, or 39 cents a share, a year ago. Adjusted earnings were 52 cents, better than the 38 cents analysts were expecting."}
{"id": "doc2188", "text": "Net sales increased 5.6% to $1.96 billion from $1.86 billion, topping the $1.91 billion that analysts had expected. Online sales grew 13%, accounting for approximately 13% of total net sales, compared to approximately 12% in the year-ago period."}
{"id": "doc2189", "text": "Dick’s said it saw increases in both the average ticket and in transactions, along with growth across its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear."}
{"id": "doc2190", "text": "“One of the beneficial steps Dick’s has taken over the past half year is to reallocate floor space away from underperforming categories to products that are more in demand,” commented Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. “This has been done on a local basis, which has meant that more Dick’s stores are now aligned with customer needs within the markets they serve.”"}
{"id": "doc2191", "text": "Comparable sales (online and store) rose 6%, more than double expected growth of 2.9%. It was the chain’s strongest quarterly growth in six years."}
{"id": "doc2192", "text": "As we head into the holiday season, we remain very enthusiastic about our business, and we are pleased to increase our full-year sales and earnings outlook for the third time this year,” said Edward W. Stack, chairman and CEO."}
{"id": "doc2193", "text": "Dick’s said it now expects annual earnings of between $3.50 and $3.60 per share this year, on an adjusted basis, compared with its prior range of $3.30 to $3.45 a share. The chain expects overall annual same-store sales to increase 2.5% to 3% for the year, compared with a 3.1% drop in 2018."}
{"id": "doc2194", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc2195", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc2196", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc2197", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc2198", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc2199", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc2200", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc2201", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc2202", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc2203", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc2204", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc2205", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc2206", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc2207", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc2208", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc2209", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc2210", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc2211", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc2212", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc2213", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc2214", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc2215", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc2216", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc2217", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc2218", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc2219", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc2220", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc2221", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc2222", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc2223", "text": "Every retailer is developing strategies to compete with Amazon, but another rival lurks in the background."}
{"id": "doc2224", "text": "In the late ‘90s and early ‘00s, conventional wisdom held that every retailer was in competition with Walmart. The discount giant sold every product, could beat anyone on price, and operated with ruthless efficiency. Walmart’s entry into e-commerce in 2000 was an important signifier that online sales were here to stay. "}
{"id": "doc2225", "text": "Since that time, Amazon has taken Walmart’s place as the omnipresent retailer who can undercut any price on any product. Amazon’s entry into the brick-and-mortar space in 2015 signified that physical stores are here to stay. Walmart has hardly disappeared, but generally trails Amazon in discussions of what company poses the most threat to its fellow retailers."}
{"id": "doc2226", "text": "This view is shortsighted. Retailers should see Walmart as equally, and possibly more, challenging than Amazon. Here are three factors that position Walmart to steal market share from anyone, including Amazon."}
{"id": "doc2227", "text": "StoresHaving opened its first local five-and-dime store in Arkansas in 1962, Walmart now operates over 5,000 locations across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Amazon operates about 10% of that total, of which more than three-quarters are Whole Foods stores it purchased in 2017."}
{"id": "doc2228", "text": "Amazon will likely operate thousands of brick-and-mortar stores, mostly under its own banner, within a few years. But it will still have decades of catching up to do with Walmart in terms of understanding how to fulfill, staff and merchandise them. As brick-and-mortar stores become more crucial to e-commerce, Walmart’s dominance in the physical space should only grow as an advantage. "}
{"id": "doc2229", "text": "VR trainingWalmart is taking a leading-edge approach to store associate training with virtual reality (VR) technology. To safely recreate high-pressure store scenarios, Walmart employs Oculus Go VR headsets for onsite training and Oculus Rift VR headsets for training at its 200 regional employee academies. Employees view VR videos filmed in actual Walmart stores that recreate a wide variety of real-life events they will likely encounter. "}
{"id": "doc2230", "text": "As a result, Walmart can deliver highly realistic, interactive training content across the organization in an efficient, streamlined manner. This helps ensure that customers visiting brick-and-mortar stores, including online shoppers picking up their orders, receive courteous service in a clean, safe environment."}
{"id": "doc2231", "text": "In-house disruptionAmazon is an established leader in developing proprietary technology that improves operational efficiency and omnichannel customer experience. However, Walmart is also one of the biggest technology innovators in the industry."}
{"id": "doc2232", "text": "Walmart’s Store No. 8 tech incubator has produced a number of disruptive innovations, such as the recently shuttered Jet black, a text-based, personalized shopping service. The discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to place text orders and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc2233", "text": "In addition, Walmart gleans valuable real-life insights from Store No. 8’s “Intelligent Retail Lab,” or IRL. The 50,000-sq.-ft. store is set up to gather information through an array of sensors, cameras and processors. Initially, Walmart is using the IRL to test how real-time information provided by AI-based store systems can inform associates more precisely when to restock products."}
{"id": "doc2234", "text": "Just in time for Valentine’s Day, here is some adoration for a few emerging technologies poised to transform retail."}
{"id": "doc2235", "text": "The technology trends – virtual cosmetics try-on, micro-fulfillment, and mobile training, span different areas of the enterprise. What they share is a focus on leveraging the latest capabilities of IT to help ensure operational efficiency and superior customer experience. What’s not to love?"}
{"id": "doc2236", "text": "Virtual cosmetics try-onHow could we not begin this special Valentine’s Day edition of the Retail Insights blog by pronouncing affection for the burgeoning trend of providing cosmetics try-on with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR)? Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing enhanced reality tools to provide customers a realistically simulated view of how cosmetics products would look on them."}
{"id": "doc2237", "text": "Retailers as varied as Amazon, Macy’s, Ulta Beauty, Pinterest, Sally Beauty, Priv, and MAC Cosmetics are all leveraging AR to enable virtual cosmetics try-on. These tools can be offered via mobile app, PC, tablet, or in-store kiosk."}
{"id": "doc2238", "text": "The same cosmetics product can look completely different depending on who is wearing it. The small size of cosmetics items makes them ideal for online purchase and shipment, and physically trying them on can be messy and time-consuming. Virtual try-on resolves all these issues in a quick, convenient way using state-of-the-art technology. Enough to warm this tech editor’s heart."}
{"id": "doc2239", "text": "Micro-fulfillmentMicro-fulfillment technology automates picking and packing, using robotic systems to efficiently locate and retrieve products stored in a space too compact for human workers. It has mostly been used by grocery retailers seeking to streamline click-and-collect order fulfillment, although Hointer pioneered a version of the concept at denim stores in the early 2010s."}
{"id": "doc2240", "text": "Walmart is piloting a proprietary system called Alphabot which fulfills click-and-collect orders using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items inside a 20,000-sq.-ft., warehouse-style space. Albertsons and Loblaw are running similar pilots supported by a third-party fulfillment solution, while Kroger is building 20 automated “customer fulfillment centers” to enable fast, accurate delivery and in-store execution of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc2241", "text": "Micro-fulfillment enables effective, hyperlocalized fulfillment of online orders at store level without overtaxing store inventory or associates. That should be sweet music to any omnichannel retailer’s ears."}
{"id": "doc2242", "text": "Mobile trainingSince almost all retail associates now own smartphones, conducting training via mobile app is an effective way to streamline content delivery in an easily digested format. In addition, it gives retailers the opportunity to cut training costs by using a bring your own device (BYOD) strategy."}
{"id": "doc2243", "text": "For specialty athletic retailer Evo, mobile training provided a means of reducing the cost of quickly and accurately training seasonal warehouse workers. The company deployed a mobile VR solution that offered a virtual training experience that could scale for groups of any size and help new employees establish core competencies. "}
{"id": "doc2244", "text": "Meanwhile, Foot Locker trains permanent staff with a mobile training app called LaceUp, powered by Axonify, that enables the retailer to monitor which employees have engaged with training programs. The company also collects employee feedback on its mobile training efforts through channels including social media."}
{"id": "doc2245", "text": "And McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” which is designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Nothing says “I care about you” like a convenient, technologically-enabled training program."}
{"id": "doc2246", "text": "While politics is not (entirely) retail, the industry can learn from the recent mobile app calamity at the Iowa Democratic caucuses."}
{"id": "doc2247", "text": "You have surely heard all about the abysmal failure of the app the Iowa state Democratic party used to report results to party headquarters. Every time a retailer launches a new app, they face the same threat of embarrassing public breakdown. "}
{"id": "doc2248", "text": "However, there are “five Ts” that help ensure a successful app launch. The Democrats did not follow them – will you?"}
{"id": "doc2249", "text": "TestingFollowing the successful use of a smartphone app developed by Microsoft in 2016, the Iowa Democrats decided to use a little-known company called Shadow to develop the app used this year. It does not appear that adequate advance vetting or testing was performed before Shadow was selected, or before the new app was deployed live. If testing had been properly performed, the severe coding malfunction that led to the ongoing problems likely would have been exposed."}
{"id": "doc2250", "text": "TrainingThe political volunteers responsible for running the Iowa caucuses and reporting the results are largely not mobile technology experts. Yet they were simply provided with the app and left to figure it out on their own. The results speak for themselves."}
{"id": "doc2251", "text": "Most of your app users will not be mobile technology experts, either. For an employee app, it is easy to implement mandatory training before launch. It is trickier to instruct customers, but intuitive training resources should be made readily available both in-store (if applicable) and online. "}
{"id": "doc2252", "text": "TimingIn fairness to the Iowa state Democratic party, there really weren’t opportunities to perform a soft launch of the app before the night of the caucuses. However, they certainly could have run some type of simulation that likely would have provided at least some warning of the flaws in the app’s code."}
{"id": "doc2253", "text": "On the other hand, retailers have no excuse to not perform a soft launch of their apps so that if issues arise, they do not disrupt peak operations. This means your holiday app needs some type of real-world rollout before Black Friday comes."}
{"id": "doc2254", "text": "TroubleshootingOnce precinct workers began realizing they could not get the app to work, or in some cases even download it, their only option to receive assistance was to call a help line. Many workers had to stay on hold for over an hour, and no real help was available for those who got through."}
{"id": "doc2255", "text": "Any new app must be introduced in conjunction with a robustly staffed and responsive help center. Automated assistance via bots, even if for initial call screening or low-level support, can greatly reduce strain on the system. Troubleshooting strategies also must encompass detailed backup plans in the event things go wrong, as they did in Iowa."}
{"id": "doc2256", "text": "TeamworkThe caucuses seem to have been performed by a jumbled collection of individual precincts who were not in close contact with each other. Retailers launching an app need to have a coordinated team approach. "}
{"id": "doc2257", "text": "Stores, distribution centers, and any other points of app distribution must be closely coordinated and in real-time communication. Corporate headquarters must have transparent access to everyone in the enterprise involved with deploying the app. Anything less leads to fodder for late night talk show hosts. "}
{"id": "doc2258", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc2259", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc2260", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc2261", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc2262", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc2263", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc2264", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc2265", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens is adding two new quick-service food retailers looking to expand their operations."}
{"id": "doc2266", "text": "Launched in October 2019 and located in Redwood City, Calif., DoorDash Kitchens is a to-go-only shared commissary kitchen concept that enables local and national restaurants to offer delivery, pickup, and group order options to consumers in the California Peninsula area. Two San Francisco-based restaurants, RT Rotisserie and The Italian Homemade Company, are joining the program."}
{"id": "doc2267", "text": "A casual dining spinoff of Rich Table, RT Rotisserie has two locations in San Francisco and is seeking to reach new customers outside its immediate vicinity, without the typical costs and risks associated with opening new storefronts."}
{"id": "doc2268", "text": "The Italian Homemade Company operates seven locations in the Bay Area and Los Angeles area, and plans to open new brick-and-mortar stores in Los Angeles and Chicago during 2020. Italian Homemade seeks to expand its brand in a new market close to its headquarters without the typical associated overhead costs, and to expand its catering business. Like all of its other locations, Italian Homemade’s DoorDash Kitchens store will feature a permanent chef from Italy."}
{"id": "doc2269", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens provides on-demand delivery access from restaurants to customers across seven Bay Area markets including Atherton, Belmont, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, and Woodside. Pickup options are available to customers in 13 suburban markets including Atherton, Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, San Mateo, Sunnyvale, and Woodside. Customers within range of DoorDash Kitchens can open up the DoorDash app and find these restaurants in their feed."}
{"id": "doc2270", "text": "With DoorDash Kitchens, foodservice retailers can gain access to new customers in neighboring communities without the same overhead costs involved in opening additional store locations. DoorDash Kitchens provides the infrastructure, maintenance, marketing, and last-mile logistics, offering an end-to-end online sales and delivery solution."}
{"id": "doc2271", "text": "DoorDash works in partnership with each merchant, co-designing the DoorDash Kitchens space with the restaurants to customize the environment to their needs. "}
{"id": "doc2272", "text": "DoorDash operates in more than 4,000 cities across all 50 states."}
{"id": "doc2273", "text": "Retailers are less likely than companies in many other sectors to prioritize the use of enterprise data."}
{"id": "doc2274", "text": "According to “What is Your Data Really Worth?,” a new global study of 1,350 business and IT decision-makers from data analysis platform Splunk, organizations that place a strong strategic emphasis on data and its business value add an average of 5.32% to their annual revenue. These companies also remove an average of 4.85% from their annual operational costs, and 97% meet or exceed their customer retention targets, with the majority (60%) having outstripped their goals. Ninety-three percent feel they tend to make better, faster decisions than competitors."}
{"id": "doc2275", "text": "Despite these benefits, only 35% of retail organizations surveyed are “data-obsessed,” and 38% spend less than 10% of their IT budget on data and analytics. In comparison, 51% of all respondents are data-obsessed and only 20% spend less than 10% of their IT budget on data and analytics."}
{"id": "doc2276", "text": "However, most surveyed retailers recognize the link between data use and the potential to improve business outcomes. About eight in 10 (79%) agree they will be disrupted if they cannot improve their ability to use data to better customize products and offers to customers."}
{"id": "doc2277", "text": "The survey also reveals that roughly half or less of surveyed retailers have been able to achieve a number of significant benefits due to improved ability to use their data. These include:"}
{"id": "doc2278", "text": "•    Ensuring customers’ data security and privacy (53%)•    Better and more proactive protection from cyberthreats (47%)•    Better management of supply chain/optimized supply chain (43%)•    Better management of inventory/optimized stock levels (43%)•    Ability to better personalize offers, products and customer service (38%)•    Improved order fulfillment and delivery (36%)•    Implementation of a more effective loyalty program (34%)•    Offering better, consistent customer experience across channels (32%)"}
{"id": "doc2279", "text": "Splunk and Enterprise Strategy Group surveyed executives in the retail, technology, finance, communications & media, manufacturing & resources, healthcare & life sciences, public sector, and higher education industries in the U.S., Australia, U.K., Germany, France, China, and Japan."}
{"id": "doc2280", "text": "A rideshare service with a strong omnichannel commerce presence is testing self-driving cars in several major markets."}
{"id": "doc2281", "text": "The Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) division of Uber, which develops and deploys autonomous vehicles, is running pilots of self-driving cars in Dallas, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto, and Washington, D.C. Uber uses a phased approach in its self-driving car pilots, beginning with a specially trained safety driver (called a mission specialist) in full control of the driving task at all times. "}
{"id": "doc2282", "text": "The vehicles are equipped with a sensor kit that makes them recognizable to other road users. Data gathered during this stage informs development of high-definition maps and common driving scenarios."}
{"id": "doc2283", "text": "After self-driving technology has been thoroughly tested in simulation and on a test track, Uber deploys it on public roads in the areas it has mapped. At present, all self-driving system testing on a track or public road is done with two mission specialists in each vehicle. During these tests, Uber may carry select or whitelisted passengers who are not Uber employees."}
{"id": "doc2284", "text": "Planned future steps include having computer-driven cars with a mission specialist behind the wheel take public passengers, and testing the self-driving system on public roads without a mission specialist in the front seat. Currently, Uber only runs tests during daylight hours in clear weather, and all pilots are occurring within city limits."}
{"id": "doc2285", "text": "In Dallas and Toronto, Uber is testing no more than two self-driving cars on a given day, with a mission specialist driving and co-pilot in the passenger seat. The Washington, D.C., pilot is following the same protocol, but with up to four vehicles on the road on a given day. In Pittsburgh, Uber is testing around 20 computer-driven cars on a given day, with a mission specialist behind the wheel (not driving) and co-pilot in the passenger seat."}
{"id": "doc2286", "text": "“Ultimately, we want to bring self-driving vehicles to the Uber network around the world,” Uber said in a corporate blog post. “As we develop our technology and start work in new cities, we want our stakeholders in those cities—future riders and other road users, government officials, public safety officials, and community groups—to know what to expect. We may collect personal data, such as individuals images, in connection with the operation of self-driving vehicles.”"}
{"id": "doc2287", "text": "Uber temporarily halted on-road testing of autonomous vehicles following a March 2018 fatal accident involving a self-driving car in Tempe, Ariz. The company began an on-road pilot of the technology in Pittsburgh in December 2018. According to TechCrunch, the San Francisco test will last a few weeks and involve two Volvo XC90 vehicles equipped with Uber’s self-driving system."}
{"id": "doc2288", "text": "Although Uber has not given any indication that its self-driving cars might be used for delivering online orders, its Uber Eats on-demand delivery platform supports numerous quick-service delivery programs, including those offered by Starbucks, McDonald’s and Burger King. According to a recent survey, the most popular food delivery app in the U.S. is Uber Eats."}
{"id": "doc2289", "text": "A sharp increase in e-commerce during Q4 2019 led to other positive outcomes for digital retailers."}
{"id": "doc2290", "text": "According to analysis from Salesforce, on a year-over-year basis, traffic to e-commerce sites grew 13% in Q4 2019. In addition, digital commerce rose 14% while shopper spend increased 1%. "}
{"id": "doc2291", "text": "Mobile devices were a major factor driving e-commerce growth. Year-over-year, mobile purchases grew by 38% in Q4, with an average of 54% of digital orders driven by mobile devices. During certain high-volume days over the holiday shopping season, this figure peaked well over 60%. "}
{"id": "doc2292", "text": "According to Salesforce, the increased prevalence of mobile wallet solutions (such as Apple Pay and PayPal) is contributing to changing shopper behaviors. In addition, Salesforce says the overall mobile shopping experiences are now more seamless and frictionless. Mobile shoppers offer digital retailers at least one advantage: mobile cart abandonment rates for the quarter measured 87%, the lowest rate recorded during the last nine quarters."}
{"id": "doc2293", "text": "Digital traffic from social channels also reached new heights, breaking the double-digit barrier for the first time with mobile traffic from social channels topping 10% on peak days during the holiday season. Thirty-four percent of Gen Z shoppers report they seek out shopping inspiration from social media. "}
{"id": "doc2294", "text": "Salesforce analyzed data from 1.9 billion visits from 500 million-plus shoppers at over 1,000 e-commerce sites during Q4 2019."}
{"id": "doc2295", "text": "Walgreens is rolling out its on-demand delivery service well beyond the borders of New York City."}
{"id": "doc2296", "text": "Following a successful implementation of the Postmates on-demand delivery service for items available at select Walgreens stores in New York City and Brooklyn in October 2019, Walgreens and Postmates are now making the service available in 13 additional cities."}
{"id": "doc2297", "text": "Consumers in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Portland (Ore.), Washington, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and Houston can now get health and wellness and other convenience products, including select over-the-counter medications, delivered to them from Walgreens stores via Postmates."}
{"id": "doc2298", "text": "Convenience is becoming increasingly important to our shoppers. They are looking to retailers, like Walgreens, to help them save time in their busy lives, said Stefanie Kruse, VP, digital commerce and omnichannel at Walgreens. Its all about getting customers what they need, when and where is most convenient for them. We look forward to making our core product assortment available in these new cities through our expanded ongoing collaboration with Postmates, a leader in the industry providing on-demand delivery to customers, direct-to-their-door, or wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc2299", "text": "We are thrilled to expand delivery service from Walgreens stores to more cities, especially Los Angeles, where we are the market leader with more than 120% more market share than the closest competitor, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development at Postmates. The drug store/convenience category is one that customers turn to for convenience on the Postmates platform."}
{"id": "doc2300", "text": "Customers can order items available at more than 1,700 participating Walgreens stores, via the Postmates site or app. They will pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates membership service, Postmates Unlimited, for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc2301", "text": "Walgreens has been actively exploring on-demand delivery platforms since fall 2019. October 2019 also saw the drugstore giant went live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet."}
{"id": "doc2302", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc2303", "text": "A specialty westernwear retailer is spurring growth by integrating new electronic data interchange (EDI) capabilities with its ERP platform."}
{"id": "doc2304", "text": "Texas-based Cavender’s, which operates 84 stores across 11 Southern and Midwestern states, has integrated the TrueCommerce ecUtopia EDI solution with its existing Jesta I.S. Vision Suite ERP platform. The ecUtopia solution replaces a previously implemented EDI tool which Cavender’s determined would not support planned growth initiatives, improved vendor partnerships, inventory expansion, or advancement of its technical and data analytics capabilities."}
{"id": "doc2305", "text": "Since deploying TrueCommerce technology, Cavender’s has enhanced collaboration with vendors, including the ability to share analytics, which helps optimize product availability. Three-way matching of POs, packing slips and invoices enhances productivity across multiple departments, while automating manual processes allows staff to move from operational to customer-facing roles"}
{"id": "doc2306", "text": "In addition, new EDI-driven capabilities help cut shipping costs and lead times while optimizing inventory, and seamless integration automates the movement of EDI data in and out of the retailer’s Jesta’s Vision Suite ERP platform. For smaller vendors that don’t use EDI, the EDI portal helps automate communication."}
{"id": "doc2307", "text": "Cavender’s is also rolling out carton-level receiving, assumed receiving and other operational automations made possible by TrueCommerce technology. Furthermore, the retailer says its merchandising department has better visibility into product flow and order fulfillment, enabling earlier detection of problems such as missing or incomplete vendor shipments."}
{"id": "doc2308", "text": "Looking ahead, Cavender’s is considering leveraging its advanced EDI capabilities to support activities such as direct-to-customer vendor shipping, vendor-managed inventory (VMI), and vendor-managed analytics. "}
{"id": "doc2309", "text": "“The TrueCommerce ecUtopia Platform offers Cavender’s ways to advance our business, our communications and our partnerships with vendors,” said Larry Waterman, executive VP and COO, Cavender’s. “It brings rich data analytics to our business and enables us to leverage new opportunities like direct-to-customer vendor shipping and other distribution strategies. They’re a great company with incredible technology and customer support capabilities, along with a partnership-oriented approach.”"}
{"id": "doc2310", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc2311", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc2312", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc2313", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc2314", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc2315", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc2316", "text": "Amazon is making the technology supporting its Amazon Go checkout-free store format available to other retailers – for a price."}
{"id": "doc2317", "text": "The e-tail giant is now selling its “Just Walk Out” technology platform to enable other retailers to offer a cashierless shopping experience. The platform combines computer vision, sensor fusion, and machine-learning algorithms."}
{"id": "doc2318", "text": "Unlike the Just Walk Out experience at Amazon Go convenience and grocery locations, where customers identify themselves by scanning an app, the licensed version will have customers announce themselves with a credit card. According to Reuters, customers will insert a credit card into a gated turnstile marked with a “Just Walk Out technology by Amazon” logo."}
{"id": "doc2319", "text": "The rest of the shopping experience will be the same as the Amazon Go location, with items that customers pick up automatically added to a virtual shopping cart. If they return an item to a shelf, it is removed from their virtual cart. Their credit card will be billed for any items they take with them when they leave the store, without having to scan a barcode or wait in a checkout line. "}
{"id": "doc2320", "text": "To obtain a receipt, shoppers can enter their email address at a kiosk in the store and receive an email receipt. If they then use the same credit card at that or any other Just Walk Out-enabled store, they will automatically receive an email receipt."}
{"id": "doc2321", "text": "Amazon will work with retailers to install hardware for Just Walk Out, such as cameras and sensors, at existing stores while “minimizing impact” on operations or to include it in construction plans for new and remodeled stores. The e-tailer says installation can take as little as “a few weeks” from when it gains access to a store. Amazon says it will offer “all necessary technologies” and a 24/7 customer support line. "}
{"id": "doc2322", "text": "The company advises that Just Walk Out-enabled stores will still need human associates to perform tasks such as greeting customers, stocking shelves, and checking IDs for certain products. Amazon says it will only collect the data needed to provide an accurate receipt."}
{"id": "doc2323", "text": "“Do customers like standing in lines?” Dilip Kumar, Amazon VP of physical retail and technology, said to Reuters. “This has pretty broad applicability across store sizes, across industries, because it fundamentally tackles a problem of how do you get convenience in physical locations, especially when people are hard-pressed for time.”"}
{"id": "doc2324", "text": "Amazon did not offer estimates of how many retailers might want to implement Just Walk Out at their own stores or what the technology will cost. "}
{"id": "doc2325", "text": "Amazon opened its first Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, and its first Amazon Go Grocery location in February 2020."}
{"id": "doc2326", "text": "Data from Carvana reveals a surprising age group is buying a lot of used vehicles online."}
{"id": "doc2327", "text": "According to analysis of 2019 sales data from the online platform for buying and selling used vehicles, millennials accounted for a leading 46% of total sales during the year. However, Gen X came in second place with 32%. This figure substantially exceeded the percentage of sales represented by the more tech-savvy (though also less financially secure) Gen Z (11%). "}
{"id": "doc2328", "text": "More expectedly, baby boomers represented the lowest share of sales for the year (10%). In addition, men (57%) represented a larger share of Carvana’s 2019 sales than women (43%).   "}
{"id": "doc2329", "text": "Honda and Nissan figured prominently both in the makes and models of cars customers were buying and selling or trading in. The most-purchased vehicle in 2019 was the Nissan Altima, followed by the Honda Civic, Nissan Sentra, Hyundai Elantra, and Chevy Equinox. The most sold/traded-in vehicles were the Honda Civic, Ford Mustang, Honda Accord, Honda CRV, and Ford F150."}
{"id": "doc2330", "text": "However, the fastest-selling cars measured by average time between listing and sale were the Volkswagen Passat (nine minutes), Ram 1500 (10 minutes), and Ford Escape (13 minutes). Interestingly, the most-searched term for the year, “Toyota,” was not included among the top- or fastest-selling vehicles."}
{"id": "doc2331", "text": "In addition, Carvana received the most online traffic on Monday evenings, while the most popular day for consumers to shop a physical auto dealership is typically Saturday."}
{"id": "doc2332", "text": "[Editor’s note – statistics for generational sales total less than 100% due to rounding.] "}
{"id": "doc2333", "text": "Ikea customers in Dubai are receiving store credit for time they spend en route."}
{"id": "doc2334", "text": "According to Forbes, the Swedish home furnishings giant is piloting a program called “Buy With Your Time” at its three stores in Dubai. The offering enables customers who visit an Ikea store to display their Google Maps timeline on their mobile device to checkout. Ikea then provides a certain amount of reward dollars they can put toward their purchase, based on how long the customer had to travel to reach the store."}
{"id": "doc2335", "text": "Products on display in Ikea’s Dubai stores now feature “time currency” price tags. The amount of credit given for time spent traveling to the store is based on the average salary in Dubai. Reportedly, customers can receive store credit for all the time they have ever spent traveling to Ikea stores which can be verified via Google Maps."}
{"id": "doc2336", "text": "Before the birth of this campaign, we realized two things,” an Ikea spokesperson is quoted as saying. “Time is precious today, and many loyal Ikea customers spend a significant chunk of it visiting our locations, which are sometimes away from the city center. We think it’s only right to reward our customers’ efforts by repaying them for the time spent reaching us. It’s our way of helping the Dubai community make the most of every minute."}
{"id": "doc2337", "text": "It is not clear if Google is an active partner in this promotion. To read the full article, click here. "}
{"id": "doc2338", "text": "An online discount platform is providing some exclusive offers for International Women’s Day."}
{"id": "doc2339", "text": "RetailMeNot is launching We Shop With Her, an initiative to encourage shoppers to support female-led and founded brands in celebration of International Womens Day (Sunday, March 8). The savings website and app will provide exclusive cash-back offers for women-owned brands such Tory Burch, Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Kate Spade, and Birchbox."}
{"id": "doc2340", "text": "Through March 8, shoppers can visit the RetailMeNot We Shop With Her page to find limited-time savings opportunities in different categories like beauty, fashion, health, and home décor. In addition, Austin, Texas-based RetailMeNot will donate to the Womens Fund at the Austin Community Foundation and the Ann Richards School for Young Women Leaders."}
{"id": "doc2341", "text": "As a woman in a leadership role at a technology company, its inspiring to see more and more females dominating top positions in the space,” said Marissa Tarleton, CEO at RetailMeNot. “I believe it is important to offer our support and encouragement to those who have paved and continue to pave the road for future generations. RetailMeNot is all about helping shoppers save money every day at their favorite retailers, restaurants, and even pharmacies, and if we can offer a convenient way for people to shop, save and support women on International Womens Day, we will."}
{"id": "doc2342", "text": "Other We Shop With Her retailers include Athleta, Baggu, Fabletics, Glossier, Houzz, Lily Pulitzer, Loeffler Randall, Nasty Gal, Outdoor Voices, Rent the Runway, Spanx, Tarte Cosmetics The Body Shop, The Honest Company, Third Love, and Wildfang."}
{"id": "doc2343", "text": "Other retailers are also launching special online promotions in conjunction with International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month (which lasts throughout March). Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge, a collaborative, curated online assortment and shopping experience focused on female-owned businesses. DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment with a themed event series and podcast."}
{"id": "doc2344", "text": "Amazon’s new health care initiative reportedly seeks a cure for a highly contagious virus that is not COVID-19."}
{"id": "doc2345", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon is the latest entity to pursue a cure for the virus which causes the common cold. The e-tailer is said to have more than 100 people, including scientists and technologists, attempting to develop an effective vaccine and/or treatment within the Amazon Web Services Grand Challenge research division."}
{"id": "doc2346", "text": "The project is reportedly nicknamed “Project Gesundheit.” Amazon has never formally admitted to the existence of Grand Challenge, which works on solving major issues affecting humanity, including health care. "}
{"id": "doc2347", "text": "Amazon has been making a wide variety of inroads into health care in the past year These include the PillPack pharmaceutical delivery service, as well as its Amazon Care virtual health service currently available to employees at the e-tailer’s Seattle headquarters."}
{"id": "doc2348", "text": "Meanwhile, top competitor Walmart is piloting a stand-alone Walmart Health healthcare center format, and is reportedly negotiating with Verizon to provide 5G networking services that would support in-store health hubs at all of the discounter’s U.S. stores."}
{"id": "doc2349", "text": "A majority of consumers see promise for artificial intelligence (AI), but aren’t ready to remove humans from the retail experience."}
{"id": "doc2350", "text": "According to a new consumer survey from digital transformation agency Blue Fountain Media, 60% of respondents think that while AI is a technology with a lot of promise, we have to be careful what it’s used for. Almost half (47%) of respondents don’t enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction. "}
{"id": "doc2351", "text": "The 47% figure comprises 41% of respondents who say they generally just like dealing with a real person when they have a customer service issue, and 6% who say AI has screwed up on them in the past and not dealt with their problem satisfactorily. "}
{"id": "doc2352", "text": "However, 12% of respondents enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction, citing “AI knows all the facts and policies better than many customer service reps I’ve dealt with.” Another 16% said getting customer issues resolved without human interaction is faster and less of a hassle dealing with an AI-powered chatbot or phone operator. One-quarter of respondents enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction, but said there’s definitely more room for improvement."}
{"id": "doc2353", "text": "Almost one-third (32%) of respondents’ biggest fear about AI is that it will take over, replace all jobs, and possibly one day, replace humans. In another statistic demonstrating concerns some consumers have over the potentially de-humanizing effect of AI, 27% of respondents fear that AI immersion into our daily lives will improve them, but also make them a lot less personal and intimate."}
{"id": "doc2354", "text": "Other interesting responses include:"}
{"id": "doc2355", "text": "•    10% of respondents believe that the greatest promise for AI lies in retailers providing a more consistent and personalized experience.•    8% don’t see AI having an impact on their personal life because they don’t trust AI to help at all.•    4% see AI having its biggest impact on their personal life via shopping and customer service with personalized chatbots."}
{"id": "doc2356", "text": "Using SurveyMonkey, Blue Fountain Media surveyed over 1,000 U.S. respondents ages 18-65. "}
{"id": "doc2357", "text": "Instacart shoppers can now check out purchases without leaving the app, while customers worried about coronavirus have a new option."}
{"id": "doc2358", "text": "The shoppers who fulfill Instacart customer orders at brick-and-mortar grocery stores are being provided “tap and pay” capability directly from the Instacart app. In partnership with card issuing platform Marqeta, Instacart is enabling shoppers in select regions to perform mobile checkout where accepted using Google Pay or Apple Pay. The company plans to make mobile checkout available to all shoppers in the coming months."}
{"id": "doc2359", "text": "As a result, new shoppers can sign up and begin shopping in less than a day with Instacart mobile checkout. Instead of waiting for their physical Instacart payment card to arrive in the mail, shoppers can sign up for Instacart and start shopping via mobile checkout the moment their background check is cleared. The service operates using secure NFC technology through the Apple Pay and Google Pay platforms, with tokenization keeping payment information secure."}
{"id": "doc2360", "text": "We know that for many shoppers, convenience is key, said Kevin Henrikson, Vice president of shopper engineering at Instacart. Weve heard from shoppers that they would like an easier way to pay with their phone, instead of relying on a physical payment card that can get lost or buried in their wallet. Mobile checkout helps us address this feedback and improve the overall shopper experience. For new shoppers, it will also significantly shorten the timeframe before they can begin shopping — with a mobile payment option, new shoppers can go from signing up to their first shop in as little as a few hours."}
{"id": "doc2361", "text": "Instacart is also reportedly now offering customers a “Leave at My Door Delivery” option. According to Business Insider, while the omnichannel delivery platform had been piloting the service for several months, a spike in demand since the coronavirus outbreak led to it performing a widescale rollout. The service lets customers receive deliveries on their doorstep at a designated time when they are not home."}
{"id": "doc2362", "text": "Up until now, the feature had been limited in availability to a subset of customers as part of a beta test intended to create a more convenient option for customers not home at the time of delivery, Instacart said in a statement. Based on the increased demand for this new product feature, today weve made it available to all Instacart customers — bringing even more flexibility and optionality to their grocery delivery experience."}
{"id": "doc2363", "text": "Walmart offers a paid service, called InHome Direct, that delivers fresh groceries and everyday items directly to refrigerators located inside customer kitchens or garages. Meanwhile, Amazon Prime members have access to main features of the Amazon Key “smart entry” program. The program’s primary feature, in-home deliveries, uses a smart lock to allow Amazon to make deliveries inside a customer’s front door or garage.  "}
{"id": "doc2364", "text": "Poor product quality is not the only factor that erodes consumer trust in a brand."}
{"id": "doc2365", "text": "According to U.S. findings of a new global consumer survey from online marketing platform Bazaarvoice, after losing trust in a brand, 85% of respondents will avoid using the brand again. The most common way respondents indicated a brand could lose their trust was by products being poor quality/damaging easily (66%), followed by receiving dishonest brand/product information (55%)."}
{"id": "doc2366", "text": "More than four in 10 (43%) respondents said a brand having fake and fraudulent reviews would cause them to lose trust. In some good news, if a customer still trusts a brand, 57% said they would buy from that brand again after one negative product experience. "}
{"id": "doc2367", "text": "The survey also reveals the authenticity of a brand’s reviews can affect its bottom line. If a shopper suspects a product to have fake reviews, 31% said they would not buy the product, 28% would not trust other reviews, and 26% would not trust the brand. "}
{"id": "doc2368", "text": "Diving deeper into consumer opinions about fake reviews, when asked what makes them most suspicious that a product may have fake reviews, respondents cited seeing multiple reviews with similar wording (59%), the review content not matching the product (50%), and an overwhelming number of five-star ratings/positive reviews (35%). "}
{"id": "doc2369", "text": "The majority (73%) of respondents believe the retail industry needs new standards to combat fake reviews. They think these new rules should require that only customers who made verified purchases should be able to post reviews (42%), all products be tried and tested among legitimate consumers before launch (34%), and daily monitoring of customer content be done to weed out fake reviews (27%). "}
{"id": "doc2370", "text": "On average, respondents believe that an appropriate level of punishment for brands in breach of these standards is a fine of 14.7% of their annual revenue. As a point of reference, survey respondents were told that in data privacy, the penalty for breaking the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) can be up to 4% of revenue. Respondents still felt stronger penalizations were needed for brands violating consumer trust with fake reviews."}
{"id": "doc2371", "text": "Findings were taken from U.S. survey responses from more than 10,000 consumers in the U.S., U.K., France, Germany, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc2372", "text": "The coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting consumer behavior and creating problems on third-party marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc2373", "text": "According to data from omnichannel commerce platform Bloomreach, during the week of Feb. 23-29, revenue sales for masks increased 590% from the week prior. Other products receiving substantial week-over-week bumps in revenue sales included hand sanitizers (420%), Clorox/Lysol wipes (184%), canned food (183%), disinfectants (178%), bottled/packaged water (78%), hand soap (33%), and toilet paper/paper towel (26%)."}
{"id": "doc2374", "text": "Bloomreach pulled this global sales data (with a strong U.S. showing) from its customer base, which includes 250-plus retailers. "}
{"id": "doc2375", "text": "In addition, a recent survey from First Insight demonstrates consumers are changing some shopping behaviors as a result of the coronavirus, with generational variations. Overall, 35% of respondents have cut back on spending in preparation for the impact of the coronavirus, with millennials (40%) and Gen Z (41%) cutting back the most compared to baby boomers (23%) and Gen X (36%)."}
{"id": "doc2376", "text": "A little more than one in five (22%) of respondents say they are buying more products in anticipation of the spread of the virus, with grocery leading as the top product consumers are buying more of (19%). This is followed by household products and personal care items at 13%, health products at 12%, and beauty products at 7%."}
{"id": "doc2377", "text": "About three in 10 (29%) of respondents say they are taking advantage of BOPIS services and curbside (18%) pickup to get products without going in-store. By generation, Gen Z leads in taking advantage of BOPIS (47%) with millennials favoring curbside pickup (30%)."}
{"id": "doc2378", "text": "Furthermore, as result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online. Roughly half (49%) of respondents say that due to the coronavirus outbreak, they are concerned about receiving apparel or other products that were produced in impacted areas such as China."}
{"id": "doc2379", "text": "With a virus-related surge in demand for products such as cleaning supplies and hand sanitizers, perhaps it is not surprising that the Wall Street Journal reports third-party marketplaces operated by retailers such as Amazon and Walmart face sellers charging unreasonable prices for these items."}
{"id": "doc2380", "text": "Amazon has reportedly been removing tens of thousands of overpriced products from its marketplace and is also taking action against third-party sellers who make false or unsubstantiated claims about a product’s ability to counteract the coronavirus. According to the Journal, as recently as Wednesday, March 5 Amazon Marketplace featured products such as containers of disinfectant wipes and hand sanitizer for up to five or six times normal cost. "}
{"id": "doc2381", "text": "“There is no place for false claims and price gouging on Amazon,” Dharmesh Mehta, Amazon’s VP of worldwide customer trust and partner support, is quoted as saying at a March 5 consumer-protection hearing in Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc2382", "text": "In addition, the Journal reports online marketplaces run by Walmart, eBay, and Facebook have all been experiencing third-party sellers ratcheting up prices on virus-related items. Chain Store Age has reached out to Walmart for comment."}
{"id": "doc2383", "text": "A common hacking technique has exposed personal information of some J. Crew customers."}
{"id": "doc2384", "text": "According to a letter from the J. Crew customer care center which has been posted online by the California Attorney General’s office, an “unauthorized party” is believed to have used stolen user emails and passwords to fraudulently log into their J. Crew accounts in April 2019. Information leaked in the hack includes the last four digits of credit card numbers stored in compromised accounts, the expiration dates, card types, and billing addresses connected to those cards, and order numbers, shipping confirmation numbers, and shipment status of those orders. "}
{"id": "doc2385", "text": "J. Crew does not believe any other information was exposed. The retailer says it discovered the breach through “routine and proactive Web scanning.”"}
{"id": "doc2386", "text": "According to Ameet Naik, security evangelist at Web security provider PerimeterX, a popular method of intrusion known as “credential stuffing” was behind this attack."}
{"id": "doc2387", "text": "“The hackers in this case were after credit card numbers,” said Naik. “They used credential stuffing, also known as account takeover (ATO) attacks, to gain access to J. Crew’s servers and siphon off this valuable bounty directly from their databases. Hackers typically use automated bots to rapidly try thousands of stolen usernames and passwords until they hit the jackpot.”"}
{"id": "doc2388", "text": "To protect against credential stuffing attacks, Naik advises retailers to develop bot mitigation capabilities and consumers to use different passwords on different sites and lock down their credit records as much as possible."}
{"id": "doc2389", "text": "J. Crew has disabled affected accounts and will require that customers whose data was exposed in the breach contact its customer care center to review their account and reset their password. J. Crew also recommends customers change their password on any other account where they use the same password discovered in this incident."}
{"id": "doc2390", "text": "Jerry’s Foods is minimizing the costs and downtime associated with its IT infrastructure."}
{"id": "doc2391", "text": "Operating 50 franchised grocery, liquor and hardware stores in Minnesota and Florida, Jerry’s Foods does not have IT staff available on-site at its brick-and-mortar locations. Instead, a small, five-member IT staff must manage all network operations."}
{"id": "doc2392", "text": "Given these limitations, Jerry’s Foods found that its legacy virtualized IT infrastructure had become costly, unreliable, and difficult to operate and manage. The existing infrastructure also no longer met backup and support requirements."}
{"id": "doc2393", "text": "Jerry’s Foods decided it needed a new infrastructure solution that could be clustered for high availability, managed remotely with ease, and have the computing power needed for on-site applications. The retailer decided to implement a platform based on Scale Computing HE150 small, storage-based computing devices."}
{"id": "doc2394", "text": "With Scale Computing, Jerry’s Foods has expanded its previous IT infrastructure at a fraction of the cost and now runs 70 virtual machines at the corporate office. Jerry’s Foods also has thirteen additional four-node systems, and a three-node mini-system deployed at seven stores. The goal is to keep adding to these systems in order to eventually replace all of Jerry’s Foods’ previous servers in every one of its retail store locations and corporate office."}
{"id": "doc2395", "text": "After implementing Scale Computing HE150, Jerry’s Foods has reported maximum uptime and connectivity, which has aided the reliability of business-critical systems such as POS, electronic customer loyalty programs, and electronic benefit transfer (EBT) – important as food stamps make up a significant portion of the retailer’s business. As part of its backup strategy, Jerry’s Foods also implemented the Scale Computing Data Protection Suite."}
{"id": "doc2396", "text": "Specific benefits include an estimated 50% decrease on the time spent managing IT infrastructure. The company has also reduced its cost per instance by 50% compared to previous legacy virtualization systems, and reported major improvements to its DVR security camera system rollout for its multi-grocery store location model. "}
{"id": "doc2397", "text": "“We used to have a legacy virtualization system as our backup strategy, but it didn’t work very well,” said Jeff Miller, director of IT at Jerry’s Foods. “Now we have Scale Computing, which works extremely well. Our corporate and remote locations have a backup location that we can failover to, and within a minute it can be turned on and brought up right away. It is safe to say I am sleeping better at night.” "}
{"id": "doc2398", "text": "Founded in 1947 in Edina, Minn., Jerry’s Foods operates 50 franchised locations of national store brands including Cub Foods, County Market, and Save-A-Lot within Minnesota and Florida. "}
{"id": "doc2399", "text": "Walmart has become a one-app kind of retailer."}
{"id": "doc2400", "text": "For years, Walmart operated two separate apps for general shopping and for grocery. Now, the discounter is adding the functionality of its grocery app to its Walmart app."}
{"id": "doc2401", "text": "The updated Walmart app offers fresh groceries, everyday essentials and local store assortments for omnichannel pickup or delivery. In addition, customers can place mobile orders for Walmart.com’s extended online assortment for free next-day and two-day delivery. The app also offers access to digital in-store services such as Walmart Pay and an item finder."}
{"id": "doc2402", "text": "Over the coming weeks, Walmart says it will also add its digital grocery offering to the Walmart.com desktop and mobile web experiences. Previously, customers shopped for groceries on the dedicated Walmart grocery website and everything else on Walmart.com. The retailer will also introduce a new look for online Walmart grocery content to closely match that of Walmart.com."}
{"id": "doc2403", "text": "The updated Walmart app is rolling out in phases, with some customers getting the new experience now. Walmart will deactivate the grocery app in summer 2020."}
{"id": "doc2404", "text": "“We know customers want to shop Walmart in ways that help them save time and money, and we’re committed to simplifying their shopping experience,” said Janey Whiteside, executive VP and Walmart chief customer officer. “We’re excited for the experience one app will create for our customers and our business, and we look forward to introducing new features in the future.”"}
{"id": "doc2405", "text": "The latest subscription retailer is a legendary Bay Area thrash metal group."}
{"id": "doc2406", "text": "Metallica is launching the “Metallica Vinyl Club,” an online retail subscription service. To join the club, subscribers must first become members of Metallica’s free Fifth Member fan club. The subscription contains four vinyl records (including rare and otherwise unavailable songs), a seven-inch vinyl single, a digital download card, physical membership card, and additional releases of collectibles such as stickers and posters. Subscriptions cost $49 per year, with the option of receiving four separate shipments per year or one combined shipment at year’s end. Both options contain the same merchandise."}
{"id": "doc2407", "text": "Customers can join the club for the 2020 subscription period by Tuesday, March 31. Afterward, they will not be able to join until the 2021 subscription period opens. Metallica is capitalizing on the growing trend of vinyl music sales, which according to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) rose 12.8% in the second half of 2018 and 12.9% in the first half of 2019."}
{"id": "doc2408", "text": "In addition, Metallica is launching a subscription club as the format is becoming a popular e-commerce option for retailers in verticals including apparel, beauty, health-and-fitness, and quick-service food. Rock bands are a less common participant in the subscription space, but famous groups are increasingly exploring the retail vertical. In the past year, both The Beatles and The Rolling Stones have opened limited-time, physical pop-up stores in New York, Los Angeles, and Miami."}
{"id": "doc2409", "text": "Sportina Group is segmenting its planning across customer preferences and countries."}
{"id": "doc2410", "text": "The Slovenia-based retailer, which curates fashion collections for women, men, and children across 90 brands and operates more than 350 stores in 11 European nations, is standardizing its diverse business on the cloud-based Oracle Retail technology platform. Sportina’s primary goals are to break down barriers between geographies and brands, in turn optimizing inventory availability for customers.  "}
{"id": "doc2411", "text": "Sportina segments its portfolio brands into five segments including luxury, premium, core, entry and casual. The segmentation is oriented around customers’ individual styles and preferences. By delivering what a consumer wants, Sportina can avoid markdowns and increase gross margin. "}
{"id": "doc2412", "text": "With Oracle Retail solutions providing full visibility to inventory availability across all channels, Sportina intends to decrease transfer costs and increase stock rotation. The retailer has increased its stock rotation and decreased transfer costs by implementing an initial and replenishment order split."}
{"id": "doc2413", "text": "“Sportina Group supports a range of different business models, including our own brand, multi-brand, franchise, and wholesale. In order to support this complexity, we recognized the need to centralize and consolidate our planning processes to deliver transparency,” Miha Rozman, head of controlling, Sportina. “Sportina is an efficient and fast-moving fashion retailer. We chose Oracle to improve efficiency and increase productivity. Most importantly, this modernization allowed us to design a new planning process that places the customer at the center of our operations from the strategic vision through the planning to execution.”"}
{"id": "doc2414", "text": "Working with Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) member Pronos, Sportina implemented Oracle Retail Merchandise Financial Planning in 16 weeks. This was followed by an implementation of an Oracle Retail Lifecycle Inventory Planning framework designed by Oracle Retail Consulting in under eight months. Next, Pronos will assist Sportina with the implementation of Oracle Retail Offer Optimization."}
{"id": "doc2415", "text": "Sportina operates multi-brand Sportina and XYZ stores, mono-brand stores, and outlet units in Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Croatia, Montenegro, Bulgaria, Romania, Kosovo, Italy, and Austria."}
{"id": "doc2416", "text": "Urban Outfitters set a record with Q4 sales, but still fell short of Wall Street expectations."}
{"id": "doc2417", "text": "The specialty apparel and accessories retailer reported Q4 sales of $1.17 billion, which reached an all-time high and rose 3.6% from $1.13 billion the same quarter the prior year, but missed analyst predictions. Adjusted net income for the quarter totaled $49 million and adjusted net earnings were $0.50 per share, short of consensus estimates of $0.63 per share and down from $0.83 per share the prior-year period."}
{"id": "doc2418", "text": "Same-store sales rose 4%. By brand, they increased 9% at Free People, 6% at the Anthropologie Group, and were flat at Urban Outfitters."}
{"id": "doc2419", "text": "For the full fiscal year, Urban Outfitters reported net income of $168 million, down 44% from $298 million, and earnings per share of $1.67. Net sales rose slightly to $3.98 billion from $3.95 billion. Same-store sales climbed 1%, driven by growth in the digital channel, partially offset by negative retail store sales. "}
{"id": "doc2420", "text": "Richard A. Hayne, CEO of Urban Outfitters, ignored the company’s failure to meet Wall Street estimates in his commentary."}
{"id": "doc2421", "text": "“I am pleased to announce record fourth-quarter sales driven by a 4% retail segment ‘comp’,” said Hayne. “Positive customer reaction to our early spring assortments bode well for continued ‘comp’ growth in the first quarter,” finished Mr. Hayne."}
{"id": "doc2422", "text": "As of Jan. 31, 2020, Urban Outfitters operates a portfolio of global consumer brands comprised of 248 Urban Outfitters stores in the U.S., Canada, and Europe and websites; 231 Anthropologie Group stores in the U.S., Canada, and Europe, catalogs and websites; 144 Free People stores in the U.S., Canada, and Europe, catalogs and websites, 11 food and beverage restaurants, five Urban Outfitters franchisee-owned stores, one Anthropologie Group franchisee-owned store, and one Free People franchisee-owned store."}
{"id": "doc2423", "text": "An e-tail giant and a luxury fashion brand are curating an online assortment and shopping experience that honor Women’s History Month."}
{"id": "doc2424", "text": "Coinciding with both Women’s History Month in March and International Women’s Day (Sunday, March 8), Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge. Through the new collaborative Amazon x #InCharge site, customers will be able to read the stories of inspiring women business owners, shop their products, and see DVF founder Diane von Furstenberg’s favorite books by female authors."}
{"id": "doc2425", "text": "A few of the female-owned businesses that will be featured include Cora, OBIA Naturals, and PiperWai. The product assortment varies from women’s health ad beauty care items to apparel to personal electronics. The site also features select branded “Women In Charge” products, such as totes, jewelry and T-shirts, from DVF."}
{"id": "doc2426", "text": "In addition, Amazon is offering a curated collection of items from female artisans on its Amazon Handmade microsite for handcrafted items and featuring women-owned startups on its Amazon Launchpad marketplace."}
{"id": "doc2427", "text": "“I am thrilled to work with Amazon to highlight women-led businesses and share their stories with millions of Amazon customers in celebration of International Women’s Day. As part of this first-of-its kind initiative, I’m also excited to launch an exclusive collection of #InCharge merchandise available to Amazon customers during Women’s History Month,” said Diane von Furstenberg."}
{"id": "doc2428", "text": "DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment. The collaboration includes The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF New York flagship store throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc2429", "text": "Mastercard is also placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc2430", "text": "While coronavirus-related declines in consumer traffic will impact retailers’ IT spending, IHL Group also sees some positive trends."}
{"id": "doc2431", "text": "The industry analysis/consulting firm now forecasts 2020 worldwide IT spend by the retail and hospitality industry will total $270 billion. This is up 5.6% from 2019, but adjusted downward for the expected impact of the coronavirus 9COVID-19) on the global economy."}
{"id": "doc2432", "text": "IHL predicts that consumer traffic will be down for a period, but there will also be developments that will help to buffer the negative downside in retail IT spend. These include less travel, more focus on specific projects and opportunities to replace equipment with less impact on operations. "}
{"id": "doc2433", "text": "In addition, IHL says the most significant retail investments in IT are in moving solutions to the cloud, particularly those that optimize the relationship for digital orders with store fulfillment. The firm predicts that the trends to optimize click-and-collect and delivery will double their previous investment as a result of consumers seeking to avoid crowds into June 2020. "}
{"id": "doc2434", "text": "Other technologies IHL expects retailers to significantly increase their investments in include remote tools, solutions that decentralize the supply chain, artificial intelligence/machine learning, forecasting solutions, and analytics. Retailers have also already made decisions about investing in POS technology based on the expiration of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standard 2.0. "}
{"id": "doc2435", "text": "“Overall, we view COVID – 19 as a 1 fiscal quarter significant blip on retail consumer spending, with less impact rolling through on 2020 IT spend,” Greg Buzek, founder and president of IHL Group, said in a corporate blog post. “If there is to be a significant drop in retail spend as a result of COVID-19 and resulting economic impact beyond 1 fiscal quarter, the IT impacts will be more significant in 2021 spend than for 2020. Of course, should the virus impact grow longer than one quarter worldwide, all growth will be reduced further.”"}
{"id": "doc2436", "text": "Constantly connected consumers increasingly seek to communicate with businesses via text."}
{"id": "doc2437", "text": "According to the new “2020 State of Texting” report from business texting platform Zipwhip, 91% of businesses have sent a customer a text message, while 43% of customers have proactively texted a business. Almost one-third (32%) of customers have proactively texted a business and received no response."}
{"id": "doc2438", "text": "When asked how they would prefer to communicate with a business for different interaction purposes, a leading 70% of consumers cited text as their optimal platform for scheduling. Other popular text-based interaction scenarios include sales/inquiries (55%), customer service/support (53%), and marketing/promotions."}
{"id": "doc2439", "text": "Interestingly, consumers prefer email for some time-sensitive interactions, such as shipment tracking (60% email/20% text), alerts/reminders (60% email/19% text), and account security notification (63% email/17% text). A plurality of consumers only favored phone calls for recruiting/staffing interactions (45%)."}
{"id": "doc2440", "text": "When businesses that have not yet incorporated texting into their customer communications were asked to select reasons, a leading 42% said they don’t know. Other popular responses included believing customers don’t want texts (22%) and concern about being seen as spam (17%)."}
{"id": "doc2441", "text": "These concerns may not be unfounded. Sixty-five percent of consumers say they’ve unsubscribed from a business’s texts. Although this is down 12% from 2019, the top two reasons for unsubscribing include spam (31%) and receiving too many texts (30%), followed by customers not finding the texts relevant to them (18%). "}
{"id": "doc2442", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc2443", "text": "•    77% of consumers use texting more than other messaging tools."}
{"id": "doc2444", "text": "•    74% of consumers prefer help from a human, rather than a chatbot."}
{"id": "doc2445", "text": "•    One-third (33%) of consumers check their cell phone more than 30 times a day."}
{"id": "doc2446", "text": "Zipwhip surveyed 1,000 consumers and 1,600 businesses in conjunction with SurveyMonkey."}
{"id": "doc2447", "text": "Despite improved inventory levels, J. Jill still had a difficult Q4 2019."}
{"id": "doc2448", "text": "The retailer reported a net loss of $38.6 million, compared to net income of $2.1 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Net sales dropped 2% to $168.1 million versus $170.9 million. Total company comparable sales, which includes same-store and direct-to-consumer sales, decreased by 2.8%. "}
{"id": "doc2449", "text": "These figures beat revised guidance J. Jill released in January 2020, when the retailer said it expected total comparable sales to decrease 6% to 8%, with total net sales expected to decrease 3% to 5%."}
{"id": "doc2450", "text": "“Our fourth-quarter results exceeded our expectations as we continued to make progress in balancing a reduction in our inventory levels while maintaining discipline with our bottom line,” said James S. Scully, interim CEO of J. Jill Inc. While pleased to end the year with inventories better positioned, we continue to see great opportunity to instill further operating disciplines within the business. We have entered fiscal 2020 with strong focus on gross margin stabilization and recovery driven by enhanced inventory discipline and improved product assortments.”"}
{"id": "doc2451", "text": "Scully replaced former J. Jill president and CEO Linda Heasley, who left the company in December 2019 following a disappointing Q3, on an interim basis. The company is looking for a new permanent chief executive."}
{"id": "doc2452", "text": "For the full fiscal year 2019, J. Jill reported total net sales of $691.3 million, down 2% from $706.3 million the prior fiscal year. Total company comparable sales decreased by 3.6%. Net income decreased to a loss of $128.6 million from an income of $30.5 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.06, compared to $0.72 in the fifty-two weeks ended February 2, 2019."}
{"id": "doc2453", "text": "For the first quarter of fiscal 2020, J. Jill expects total comparable sales to decrease 3% to 5%, compared to a decrease of 2.4% (as adjusted) for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Total net sales are expected to decrease 2% to 4%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be $0.06 to $0.08, compared to diluted earnings per share of $0.10 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019."}
{"id": "doc2454", "text": "For the full 2020 fiscal year, J. Jill expects total comparable sales to decrease 3% to 5% compared to a decrease of 3.2% (as adjusted) for the full 2019 fiscal year. Total net sales are expected to decrease 2% to 4% for fiscal 2020. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be $0.10 to $0.14, compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.06 for the full fiscal 2019 year. "}
{"id": "doc2455", "text": "Headquartered outside Boston, J. Jill operates more than 280 stores nationwide and an e-commerce platform."}
{"id": "doc2456", "text": "Arc’teryx is automating fraud detection and analysis to ensure smooth global growth."}
{"id": "doc2457", "text": "The Canadian retailer, named for the first reptile to develop feathers for flight, recently overhauled its e-commerce business to prepare for continued global expansion and increase customer personalization. However, the company was hindered because of fraud, chargebacks, and a potentially cumbersome authentication experience that added friction to the online shopping process. "}
{"id": "doc2458", "text": "To overcome these obstacles, Arc’teryx is rolling out the artificial intelligence (AI)-driven Identity Trust Global Network fraud management solution from Kount. The solution links 2.7 billion fraud signals per interaction in real-time, enabling Arc’teryx to automate its fraud prevention decisions, reducing manual reviews and eliminating chargebacks. "}
{"id": "doc2459", "text": "In addition to blocking fraudulent and suspicious transactions, Arc’teryx is also leveraging Kount technology to identify trustworthy customers and deliver personalized user experiences to them."}
{"id": "doc2460", "text": "Networked data from the real-time Identity Trust Global Network is also enabling Arc’teryx to unlock new revenue streams. For example, the retailer previously had limited insight into region-specific fraud patterns. Now, it is able to identify high-value regions where it can focus its marketing efforts, while strategically reallocating resources away from low-trust geographies where fraud is rampant. Furthermore, Arc’teryx utilizes the Identity Trust Global Network’s adaptive AI capabilities to detect fraud patterns which vary from country to country depending on regional shopping habits. "}
{"id": "doc2461", "text": "“With Kount’s Identity Trust Network, we now have a real-time level of trust for each identity behind every customer interaction,” said Arc’teryx’s fraud prevention specialist. “This has empowered our teams to effectively fight fraud while at the same time enhancing customer satisfaction by enabling personalized experiences across the full spectrum of identity trust.”"}
{"id": "doc2462", "text": "Arc’teryx distributes products through more than 3,000 retail locations worldwide, including over 50 branded stores, as well as its e-commerce site.  "}
{"id": "doc2463", "text": "Online retailers are partially prepared to do business in an Amazon-dominated landscape. "}
{"id": "doc2464", "text": "According to the “2020 E-commerce Leaders Survey” of over 120 industry executives from e-commerce platform provider Yottaa, more than 75% of respondents are focused on closing the competitive gap with Amazon. Sixty-five percent are using personalized promotions to set themselves apart, while 46% would consider merging their fulfillment networks with other brands."}
{"id": "doc2465", "text": "However, 71% of respondents are not currently offering free, same-day shipping to compete with Amazon, and 68% do not provide free, same-day shipping promo codes."}
{"id": "doc2466", "text": "The study also indicates that the average respondent annual investment in third parties (which can be used as a competitive tool against Amazon) has grown to $2 million in 2020 from $1.4 million in 2019. The average number of third parties added annually has increased to five from three in the past 12 months. "}
{"id": "doc2467", "text": "However, two-thirds (67%) of respondents are concerned that at any given time, customer data captured by third parties could cause them to become non-compliant with privacy policies. Supporting this finding, the trending investment initiative in 2020 is privacy compliance, compared to mobile in 2019."}
{"id": "doc2468", "text": "The survey also found that:"}
{"id": "doc2469", "text": "•    45% of respondents plan to replatform in the next 12 months;"}
{"id": "doc2470", "text": "•    60% of respondents currently leverage or plan to leverage a “headless commerce” e-commerce architecture that connects separated front and back ends with APIs;"}
{"id": "doc2471", "text": "•    65% of respondents say they have two to three seconds to capture a shopper’s attention before 50% or more of customers leave their site;"}
{"id": "doc2472", "text": "•    61% of respondents are confident faster site performance leads to higher conversion rates."}
{"id": "doc2473", "text": "Attempted online payment fraud increased 73% in 2019, well exceeding the growth of digital payments overall."}
{"id": "doc2474", "text": "According to the inaugural Digital Trust & Safety Index from digital security platform Sift, more than half (51%) of the payment fraud attempted in 2019 was performed via mobile devices. However, only 52% of e-commerce retailers report tracking fraud on mobile channels. "}
{"id": "doc2475", "text": "Looking at payment fraud attempts by operating system during 2019, the index found that Windows accounted for the largest share (37.73%), followed by iOS (27.75%), Android (22.9%), MacOS (7.9%), Unix (2.6%), and other (1.12%)."}
{"id": "doc2476", "text": "According to the index, the top 10 payment types for attempted online fraud during 2019 were:"}
{"id": "doc2477", "text": "1. Online promos2. Digital wallets3. Money orders4. Cash 5. Cryptocurrency6. Gift cards7. Credit cards8. In-app purchases9. Other third-party processors10. Rewards points"}
{"id": "doc2478", "text": "The index also ranked the top 10 verticals most likely to be victimized by online payment fraudsters. Of particular interest to retailers are physical e-commerce (No. 1), digital e-commerce (No. 2), business services (such as shipping services and commerce platforms - No. 3), ticketing and events (No. 4), travel and transportation (#8), and on-demand services (such as food delivery and ride share - No. 10)."}
{"id": "doc2479", "text": "Most of the top countries responsible for fraudulent online payment traffic - Benin, Cote d’Ivoire, Colombia, Ghana, Algeria, Mexico, Belgium, Switzerland, Morocco, and Iraq – primarily or significantly access the Internet via mobile device. Of the three countries where this is not the case – Mexico, Belgium, and Switzerland – Mexico and Belgium have both been previously identified as nations with increasing occurrences of online fraud."}
{"id": "doc2480", "text": "August 11th, a Sunday, was the day with the most payment fraud events during 2019. May 13 (Monday after Mother’s Day) and Tuesday, July 16 (second day of the Amazon Prime Day online sales extravaganza) came in second and third. The overall fraudiest day of the week was Saturday, which Sift says highlights that fraudsters favor the weekends to rip off businesses."}
{"id": "doc2481", "text": "The data in the index is derived from over 34,000 sites and apps in Sift’s customer base. Sift ingests 35 billion events per month to uncover millions of fraudulent events. The company’s engineering and data science teams derived results by reviewing and analyzing events that occurred across its platform in 2018 and 2019."}
{"id": "doc2482", "text": "Amazon Prime members in four cities can now receive some items in as little as five hours."}
{"id": "doc2483", "text": "The e-tail giant is enabling Prime members in Philadelphia, Phoenix, Orlando, and Dallas to order as assortment of roughly 3 million items across dozens of categories that are marked “Today by” for same-day delivery throughout the day. "}
{"id": "doc2484", "text": "Items ordered between midnight and 8 a.m. will arrive by 1 p.m., while goods between 8 a.m. and 1 p.m. will arrive by 6 p.m. and products purchased between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. will arrive by 10 p.m. Orders placed between 5 p.m. and midnight will arrive overnight between 4:30 a.m. and 8 a.m."}
{"id": "doc2485", "text": "To support this enhanced same-day delivery guarantee, Amazon has opened mini-fulfillment centers, located closer to cities, that store a specialized assortment of “need-it-today” items. According to Reuters, these facilities measure 100,000-sq.-ft. (compared to full-sized Amazon fulfillment centers which can measure more than 1,000,000-sq.-ft.) and perform storage, picking, packing, sorting, and delivery."}
{"id": "doc2486", "text": "According to Amazon, by reducing the need for aircraft support and shortening the drive times of deliveries, the new faster same-day delivery model will help it meet its publicly stated goal of becoming carbon-neutral by 2040."}
{"id": "doc2487", "text": "“It may feel like magic when a package arrives so quickly, but it’s our incredible employees who come together to deliver these experiences for customers every day,” Jon Alexander, director and GM, Amazon Worldwide Same Day Delivery Service. “Decades of process improvement and innovation enable us to provide a positive and safe work environment for everyone working in these new buildings so we can continue to delight customers—not by working harder, but by working smarter.”"}
{"id": "doc2488", "text": "Amazon is souping up Prime’s delivery speeds as Walmart reportedly prepares to launch its own Prime-like subscription delivery service. Media reports indicate Walmart will begin piloting a membership program called Walmart+ as soon as March 2020. Walmart+ will serve as an expansion of Walmart’s current Delivery Unlimited subscription service, which provides free same-day delivery of online grocery orders from Walmart stores for a yearly $98 fee. Walmart also may offer text-based ordering as part of Walmart+."}
{"id": "doc2489", "text": "In April 2019, Amazon said it would cut its standard Prime shipping time from two days to one day. In June 2019, the e-tailer made free one-day delivery available to Prime members with no minimum purchase amount on more than 10 million products, in more than 10,000 cities and towns across the continental U.S."}
{"id": "doc2490", "text": "The standard annual Amazon Prime rate is $119, although some different pricing models and discounts are available. Same-day delivery is free to Prime members on qualifying orders over $35 or $2.99 for delivery on orders under $35."}
{"id": "doc2491", "text": "A mobile rewards and payments platform seeks to motivate pre-spring shopping."}
{"id": "doc2492", "text": "Ibotta is running a promotion called “Spring Forward, Cash Back,” a new national shopping holiday, the week of March 2-6, 2020. In conjunction with major national retailers including Macys, QVC, and Carter’s, Spring Forward, Cash Back gives shoppers as much as 20% cash back on their everyday purchases. "}
{"id": "doc2493", "text": "As part of the promotion, Ibotta is encouraging customers to make purchases related to New Year’s resolutions they may be neglecting, including saving money and sticking to a budget. “We’re always thinking of new ways to help our savers and this marks a major step for those looking to get back on track,” said Bryan Leach, founder and CEO of Ibotta. “Spring Forward, Cash Back makes it easy for consumers to not just recommit to their resolutions, but stay committed to a full year of financial fitness.” Top retailers participating in Spring Forward, Cash Back include:"}
{"id": "doc2494", "text": "●      QVC – 10% cash back●      Adidas - 12% cash back●      AT&T Mobility - $50 cash back●      Backcountry - 16% cash back●      bareMinerals - 9% cash back●      The Body Shop - 18% cash back●      Carter’s - 7.5% cash back●      Casper - 13% cash back●      Every Plate - $23 cash back●      Fossil - 15% cash back●      Gap - 10% cash back●      Home Depot - 3% cash back●      HSN - 10% cash back●      J.C. Penney - 7% cash back●      Macy’s.com - 12% cash back●      OshKosh - 7.5% cash back●      Viator - 12% cash back●      Warby Parker - 20% cash back"}
{"id": "doc2495", "text": "Ibotta also analyzed thousands of receipts for the promotion and discovered the following notable consumer spending trends:"}
{"id": "doc2496", "text": "•    Hawaii, North Dakota and Maine are the states spending the most money so far in 2020, averaging $60 per shopping trip in January."}
{"id": "doc2497", "text": "•    Nationwide, consumer spending on healthier groceries rose by more than 70% from December 2018 to January 2019, with consumers choosing salad greens (50% increase), berries and yogurt (60% increase) and avocados (77% increase) over chocolate, sugar and butter (15% decrease)."}
{"id": "doc2498", "text": "To win the hearts of customers, e-commerce retailers need to minimize one particular cost."}
{"id": "doc2499", "text": "According to the fourth annual “Reimagining Commerce” global survey from omnichannel marketing platform provider Episerver, a leading 76% of respondents would be dissuaded from making a planned online purchase if shipping was too expensive. This response was significantly more popular than the next two most popular reasons – slow website load times (57%) and bad product descriptions (52%)."}
{"id": "doc2500", "text": "Not surprisingly considering attitudes toward shipping cost, a substantial majority of consumers now expect free online shipping. Breaking down responses by country, the study found that 82% of U.S. consumers expect free shipping (the most of any country surveyed). Free returns (55%) and ability to track shipments (51%) followed."}
{"id": "doc2501", "text": "Other key findings taken from global responses include:"}
{"id": "doc2502", "text": "•    53% of those who said they shop online every day rely on their smartphones. Of the most frequent shoppers (once per day), nearly half (48%) have significantly increased their reliance on their smartphones for shopping in the last year. •    Well over half of millennials (58%) default to smartphones when shopping online, followed by Gen Z at 49%, Gen X at 48% and baby boomers at just 18%. "}
{"id": "doc2503", "text": "•    On average, one-fifth of consumers have made purchases directly because of a social media influencer’s product post. But 50% of Gen Z shoppers and 48% of millennials have purchased products either directly by clicking on a post or later on as a result of the influencer’s endorsement. "}
{"id": "doc2504", "text": "•    62% of respondents feel that companies should place the same priority on personalized experiences in 2020 as they did in 2019. At the same time, 25% feel that brands and retailers should make respecting their anonymity online a higher priority. "}
{"id": "doc2505", "text": "•    Over 80% of respondents in each of the five countries surveyed said they’re most likely to be on the couch when shopping online."}
{"id": "doc2506", "text": "“Reimagining Commerce” is based on a survey of more than 4,500 online shoppers across the U.S., U.K., Australia, Germany, and Sweden."}
{"id": "doc2507", "text": "Another digital wedding registry is freshening up its offerings in preparation for the spring."}
{"id": "doc2508", "text": "Zola is unveiling a number of new digital features and services, including a new chat feature in its mobile app called the Zola Registry Advisor. The advisor provides couples with mobile, one-on-one wedding planning and registry assistance."}
{"id": "doc2509", "text": "The retailer has also expanded its assortment to feature a curated selection of over 100,000 products from over 1,000 brands. Couples can sync existing registries and add gifts from anywhere with the Add to Zola button. Artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped planning tools enable users to set up a registry with personalized recommendations based on a couples interests, ideal price point and guest count. "}
{"id": "doc2510", "text": "In addition, couples can choose when their gifts ship or make a virtual return. Furthermore, Zola will help couples keep track of who bought which gift and then order customized thank you notes."}
{"id": "doc2511", "text": "Other features and benefits include a $50 referral program (for both the referrer and their friend), customizable cash and honeymoon finds with seamless direct deposit, free shipping and free returns, a 20% post-wedding completion discount, and free bonus gifts."}
{"id": "doc2512", "text": "We live and breathe registry. Weve spent years listening to our couples, solving for their pain points, curating the best brands, and building benefits that only we can offer. Thats why over 1 million couples have chosen us, and why were the go-to registry for 2020 couples, said Shan-Lyn Ma, CEO of Zola."}
{"id": "doc2513", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new wedding registry platform from Bed Bath & Beyond dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way.” Zola itself recently launched a partnership with Macy’s making an assortment of the department store retailer’s private-label items available on the Zola site. "}
{"id": "doc2514", "text": "A quick-service conglomerate is bringing leadership development in-house."}
{"id": "doc2515", "text": "Yum! Brands has purchased Heartstyles, a company offering an omnichannel leadership development program, to build the capabilities of employees at corporate and franchised KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell restaurants around the world. "}
{"id": "doc2516", "text": "Created by Stephen Klemich and Mara Klemich, Ph.D., both specialists in personal and cultural transformation, Heartstyles is a hands-on training program. A key component is the Heartstyles Indicator, a statistically-based online self and 360-degree assessment that helps individuals identify insights and action steps to grow and generate positive shifts in attitudes, thinking and behaviors that help them in life and at work. "}
{"id": "doc2517", "text": "With this acquisition, Yum! Brands has initiated multi-year plans to scale Heartstyles and offer it efficiently to its more than 2,000 franchisees who run 98% of its more than 50,000 restaurants. While the Klemichs work to expand Heartstyles within Yum!, the Heartstyles organization and associates will continue to offer their global consultancy services."}
{"id": "doc2518", "text": "“I’m committed to elevating the experience for each of our 40 million customers every day and achieving the kind of unit economics only made possible with an exceptional culture and talent. Scaling Heartstyles globally can help us consistently and measurably strengthen our people-first culture from the corner office to the restaurant,” said David Gibbs, CEO, Yum! Brands. “When we and our franchisees have strong and engaged restaurant general managers, they lead inspired teams, the customers feel it and it positively impacts results. We believe Heartstyles is a powerful tool to help our 2,000 franchisees consistently deliver and sustain a great customer experience and grow restaurant sales.”"}
{"id": "doc2519", "text": "“Your culture drives your success. Your people drive your culture. So, knowing what drives your people is imperative,” said Stephen and Mara Klemich, co-founders of Heartstyles. “Leading organizations like Yum! Brands have long known that their people are a unique competitive advantage. The next chapter for Heartstyles is exciting because we know that the scale and resources Yum! Brands offers will allow Heartstyles to reach, develop and transform the potential of more people for years to come.”"}
{"id": "doc2520", "text": "Another global quick-service leader, McDonald’s, is also partnering with training experts to roll out omnichannel career development tools. McDonalds has a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Built in partnership with the Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (CAEL), a nonprofit adult education and training group, and with support from national success coaching organization InsideTrack, the app serves as a real-time career advising tool."}
{"id": "doc2521", "text": "Yum! Brands Inc., based in Louisville, Kentucky, has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories, primarily operating the company’s brands of KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell."}
{"id": "doc2522", "text": "Dunkin’ is expanding its partnership with a leading online delivery platform in the metro New York area."}
{"id": "doc2523", "text": "The coffee retailer’s Dunkin’ Delivers on-demand delivery service, which it launched in New York City in June 2019 supported by Grubhub, is now available at more stores in the New York region. With this launch, more than 800 participating stores across Connecticut, Long Island, New Jersey, New York City and Westchester will now offer delivery through Grubhub as well as the companys New York-specific brand, Seamless."}
{"id": "doc2524", "text": "Using the Grubhub or Seamless site or app, customers can order Dunkin’ beverage and food items for delivery throughout the day. Grubhub has integrated into Dunkins POS systems to help ensure speedy, accurate deliveries."}
{"id": "doc2525", "text": "We are thrilled to expand Dunkin Delivers with Grubhub to even more people in the metro New York community, marking another exciting milestone in our commitment to offering unparalleled convenience to our guests, said Stephanie Meltzer-Paul, VP of digital and loyalty marketing for Dunkin U.S. Weve been encouraged by the positive guest response to the Dunkin Delivers service launch in New York City back in June, and look forward to expanding in the market to keep Metro New York residents running on Dunkin wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc2526", "text": "As the experts in delivering hungry diners their food fast and fresh, were excited to continue expanding our Dunkin partnership in Metro New York, stated Seth Priebatsch, head of enterprise at Grubhub. Whether its the morning coffee and bagel at the office or a midday pick-me-up, even more diners in Metro New York can run on Dunkin from the comfort of wherever they choose with Grubhub delivery."}
{"id": "doc2527", "text": "Rival coffee retailers have also been expanding their digital delivery offerings. Krispy Kreme recently rolled out digital delivery at nearly all of its U.S. stores. And Starbucks has been expanding the established on-demand delivery program it runs in partnership with Uber Eats to 49 markets in 29 states."}
{"id": "doc2528", "text": "Amazon’s upcoming fleet of electric delivery vans will be easy and safe to drive, as well as sustainable."}
{"id": "doc2529", "text": "In a new corporate blog post, Meg Coyle, video content manager at Amazon, describes the driver-centric design strategy Amazon uses for 100,000 electric delivery vans it has ordered from sustainable vehicle manufacturer Rivian. This $440 million investment, part of Amazon’s commitment to the Climate Pledge, represents what the e-tailer says is the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles. Vans are slated to start delivering packages to customers in 2021.  "}
{"id": "doc2530", "text": "In addition to having zero emissions, the vehicles are designed to include a suite of advanced safety technology and industry-leading features, including automated emergency braking, front wheel and all-wheel drive options, lane keep assist, pedestrian warning system, traffic sign recognition, an automatic warning system that detects distracted driver behavior, and adaptive seatbelts and airbags that adjust to the size and weight of the driver."}
{"id": "doc2531", "text": "A digital instrument cluster and central display screen will be integrated with Amazons logistics management and routing. The built-in mapping technology, along with package delivery information, is designed to eliminate the need for extra handheld devices. Drivers will also be able to ask the Amazon Alexa artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped voice assistant for help, or use voice commands in the cargo bay when sorting packages."}
{"id": "doc2532", "text": "The design includes durable, resistant materials meant to make it lighter and nimbler than traditional delivery vans. This, in turn, is intended to make the vehicles quieter and easier to navigate, especially in a tight, urban environment. Additionally, the vehicle cabin is optimized for quick package access, with a traditional hinged door on the driver side for optimum driver safety, and a sliding passenger door and foldable passenger seat for quick entry and exit. A rear roll-up door will support more efficient package loading."}
{"id": "doc2533", "text": "Other ergonomic and functional design features include temperature-controlled seats, as well as heated steering wheels and armrests powered by an intelligent occupant cabin thermal controls system designed to reduce energy consumption."}
{"id": "doc2534", "text": "Amazon plans to have 10,000 of the new electric vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030."}
{"id": "doc2535", "text": "We wanted to really work backwards from how the driver uses the vehicle, said Ross Rachey, director of Amazons global fleet. From the moment they step into the vehicle, to when theyre driving, when they park and look for a package, and how they exit the vehicle. Everythings been customized for how they use that vehicle.”"}
{"id": "doc2536", "text": "Direct-to-consumer (DTC) brands must overcome a familiar foe to thrive with consumers."}
{"id": "doc2537", "text": "According to the 2020 DTC Hype Report from digital commerce platform Scalefast and research firm YouGov, 43% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because of the cheaper and/or free shipping options that are available. Another 36% would choose Amazon because the shipping is faster, while one-third (33%) would choose to shop on Amazon because of Amazon Prime perks like shipping options, auto-fulfillment, and coupons. "}
{"id": "doc2538", "text": "In addition, 30% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because it’s easier to make a purchase, and 28% would select Amazon because it’s easier to make a return. "}
{"id": "doc2539", "text": "When asked to compare DTC brands to traditional retailers, roughly one in five (19%) respondents familiar with DTCs believe that they are more likely to be ahead-of or on-trend, and one in seven (14%) believe that DTC companies are more technologically forward. "}
{"id": "doc2540", "text": "Furthermore, almost 15% of respondents familiar with DTC brands believe that they have a better user experience (12.56%) and higher quality products (13.2%) than traditional retailers. However, almost one in six (15.49%) still believe that it’s riskier to buy from a DTC brand than a traditional retailer. In good news for DTCs, the survey indicates opportunities to attract customers with merchandising, branding, and customer experience: •    38% of respondents familiar with a DTC brand would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was made in the U.S.•    30% of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was sustainably made.•    Almost two in 10 (18.24%) of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the company had a cause-oriented mission.•    26% say that stronger payment security and efforts would improve the DTC shopping experience.•    Over two in 10 (21.86%) say that they would like to see same-day delivery options incorporated into the DTC companies they choose to use.•    16% want DTC companies to adopt a seamless experience across devices to improve experience. “Our research showed that while some consumers know of and buy from DTCs, this new retail category is a blurred line in the minds of most consumers,” said Olivier Schott, founder of Scalefast. “If DTC brands want to become the new normal in retail, they need to learn from traditional retail mistakes, decide if Amazon is worth the risk and adapt to a changing customer that is more sensitive to concerns like their payment security to where a product is made than ever before.”"}
{"id": "doc2541", "text": "Scalefast commissioned YouGov Plc to conduct an online poll of a representative sample of 1,352 U.S. adults."}
{"id": "doc2542", "text": "The era of the universal product code (UPC) may be nearing an end."}
{"id": "doc2543", "text": "According to results of a recent research study titled Powering the Future of Retail from GS1 US and VDC Research, 82% of retailers and 92% of brand owners support transitioning from the universal product code (UPC) to a data-rich, two-dimensional (2D) barcode (e.g., QR code, GS1 DataMatrix), digital watermark, and/or RFID in the next one to five years. "}
{"id": "doc2544", "text": "The study also showed that while an estimated 68.5% of retailers use laser scanners incapable of reading a 2D barcode, 84% are evaluating or plan to migrate to advanced optical POS scanning technology capable of reading 2D barcodes. Also, 60% of tier 1 retailers ($1 billion or more in annual revenue) are prioritizing updating their entire POS infrastructure in the next 18-24 months due to omnichannel commerce and mobile POS requirements."}
{"id": "doc2545", "text": "Any next-generation barcode(s) the industry selects will embed more information on product packaging and continue to leverage the GS1 Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) standard – the number encoded in the UPC that uniquely identifies a product at checkout."}
{"id": "doc2546", "text": "The research cites barriers to change such as cost, disruption to products and packaging, a lack of capital investment and IT staff required for technical infrastructure changes (e.g., updating legacy back-end systems). It also revealed that readiness will vary based on industry priorities, ability to leverage the data, and a companys technology modernization plans. "}
{"id": "doc2547", "text": "During any transition, brands and retailers will need a flexible architecture that supports dual barcoding, which is already in use for some products leveraging 2D carriers. Following the change, the industry will determine if the UPC barcode remains or if full migration to a sole, data-rich carrier is adopted. Provided GS1 standards are used for the data structure in the 2D barcode, digital watermark and/or RFID and the UPC, products will continue to be accepted at POS during the transition period and beyond."}
{"id": "doc2548", "text": "Consumer expectations for rich, quality information have risen since smartphones became essential shopping tools, said Bob Carpenter, president and CEO, GS1 US. Some retailers and brand owners have already begun addressing this need by implementing data-rich carrier solutions, often alongside the UPC, for fresh, prepared and packaged foods to provide consumer engagement via SmartLabel and to better manage supply chain efficiencies. Now is the time for all retail stakeholders to align on a limited number of data-rich carriers that give consumers information about the products they buy and additional data that can be leveraged by the supply chain."}
{"id": "doc2549", "text": "Todays U.P.C. does not carry the additional information required to support future supply chain and customer needs, said Dave Bornmann, senior VP, grocery and fresh, Publix Super Markets. Before adopting a new data carrier, further considerations will be necessary to evaluate the return on investment from upgrading scanning equipment, enhancing supporting systems and the additional labor needed to collect and verify data. "}
{"id": "doc2550", "text": "GS1 US and VDC Research surveyed nearly 600 IT decision makers at retailers to understand their priorities, purchases and plans to modernize as it relates to POS hardware and software. GS1 US and VDC Research also conducted 50 interviews with retailers, brand owners, solution providers, industry associations and academic institutions. "}
{"id": "doc2551", "text": "J.C. Penney Co. is taking a page out of Walmart’s and Target’s playbooks."}
{"id": "doc2552", "text": "The struggling department store retailer is offering a curbside pickup option known as “Style on the Go” at 50 locations across the U.S. Penney piloted the service in November 2019 at its totally revamped and reimagined store in the Hurst, Texas, a Dallas suburb. Following positive customer response, Penney’s decided to expand curbside pickup further. "}
{"id": "doc2553", "text": "To utilize the service, customers at participating Penney’s stores can select “free same-day pickup” or “ship to store” while viewing their digital cart before proceeding to checkout. When picking up their order, customers pull up to a reserved parking spot and call or send a text to the number posted on the reserved parking sign and provide their parking spot number and order number. A store associate then brings the order out to the customer’s car."}
{"id": "doc2554", "text": "According to Penney’s, curbside pickup is part of its “Plan for Renewal,” a corporate strategy focusing on driving traffic, offering compelling merchandise, and providing engaging customer experiences that make shopping easy."}
{"id": "doc2555", "text": "“Style on the Go curbside pickup is all about our customers and how they want to shop,” said Jim DePaul, executive VP of stores, J.C. Penney Co. “As we continue to put our customers at the heart of everything we do, we continue to create engaging experiences across all touchpoints. Whether they’re shopping online at our flagship store, jcp.com, or through our app, we’re helping our customers live life their way through this convenient service We continue to make shopping at our stores even more convenient as we adapt to our customers’ needs so they can shop when, where, and how they want.”"}
{"id": "doc2556", "text": "The service will be available in several markets across the U.S, including locations in California, Florida, Kentucky, Missouri, New York, Ohio, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, and West Virginia."}
{"id": "doc2557", "text": "J.C. Penney operates approximately 850 stores across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. "}
{"id": "doc2558", "text": "Walmart reportedly plans to offer in-store digital health services based on next-generation mobile connectivity."}
{"id": "doc2559", "text": "According to Pymnts, Walmart is negotiating with Verizon to provide a 5G wireless network that the discount giant would test in two stores to support a digital health offering for both employees and customers. If the pilot were to prove successful, Walmart would roll out the health service to all 4,700 U.S. stores, creating in-store hubs for medical treatment and services."}
{"id": "doc2560", "text": "The Verizon network, which would feature antennas and other hardware, could also serve to improve in-store mobile device coverage, support more advanced in-store loss prevention monitoring, and be a platform for launching pilots of other digital services. Pymnts’s coverage followed up initial reports in the Wall Street Journal."}
{"id": "doc2561", "text": "Walmart has been actively trying to dive more deeply into health care with offerings such as freestanding facilities devoted to health-and-wellness. The retailer recently opened its second Walmart Health location, adjacent to a Walmart Supercenter in Calhoun, Georgia. The Walmart Health format ffers primary and urgent care, labs, x-ray and diagnostics, counseling, dental, optical and hearing services at what the retailer says is affordable, transparent pricing regardless of a patient’s insurance status. "}
{"id": "doc2562", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is using augmented reality (AR) to provide digital discovery and engagement to shoppers at its Manhattan flagship."}
{"id": "doc2563", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is partnering with Mastercard to enhance the in-store experience for customers and deliver intelligent insights to store associates. By integrating Mastercard digital retail technology in its flagship store, DVF is providing customers who scan QR codes with targeted product recommendations and enhanced information. "}
{"id": "doc2564", "text": "By scanning QR codes that are located throughout the store, shoppers can gain access to digital promotional and storytelling content, as well as additional product information. In addition, customers visiting the flagship’s in-store art gallery can leverage computer vision technology to use their mobile device to learn more information about displayed works."}
{"id": "doc2565", "text": "In addition, Mastercard digital technology provides store associates with visibility to overall performance against specific commercial KPIs, object recognition via device to more easily share product information, and recommendations based on time of day, day of week, product demand, and other variables. "}
{"id": "doc2566", "text": "“Connecting is really important, especially if you want to be a brand that stands out to consumers today,” said Diane von Furstenberg, founder of DVF. “With this technology, DVF has the unique opportunity to bring our customers on a journey, allowing them access to content that brings them closer to our brand story. We are thrilled to partner with the team at Mastercard to create a truly unique experience within our flagship store.”"}
{"id": "doc2567", "text": "The partnership will also drive dialogue and engagement through The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF flagship throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc2568", "text": "As part of the larger partnership, Mastercard is placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc2569", "text": "“We’re excited to be partnering with an iconic brand like DVF to further drive the dialogue around women’s empowerment and leverage our latest technology to make every in-store interaction unique and meaningful,” said Linda Kirkpatrick, president of U.S. issuers, Mastercard."}
{"id": "doc2570", "text": "DVF has been focusing on creating in-store omnichannel experiences for the past 18 months. In February 2020, the retailer said it would streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone, via partnership with NewStore and Salesforce."}
{"id": "doc2571", "text": "In addition, in September 2018, DVF teamed up with Salesforce to use the company’s cloud-based platform to develop and launch DVF 360, a digital experience that takes online and in-store shoppers on a virtual tour of the brand. "}
{"id": "doc2572", "text": "A Michigan-based health insurer is enabling some members to buy select items via Amazon."}
{"id": "doc2573", "text": "Priority Health now allows members who are part of a commercial group or individual health plan to order and pay for eligible products using health savings accounts (HSA) and flexible spending accounts (FSA) through its Amazon storefront. Priority Health is among the first health insurers in Michigan to collaborate with Amazon on an HSA and FSA-eligible storefront."}
{"id": "doc2574", "text": "Through the company’s branded storefront on Amazon, Priority Health members will be able to shop from thousands of HAS- and FSA-eligible items, ranging from bandages to contact solution, and place their orders. Members who already use Amazon can add the eligible items to their existing carts. "}
{"id": "doc2575", "text": "Additionally, members can choose to add their HSA and/or FSA debit cards to their Amazon account for streamlined payment and reimbursement paperwork. If members elect to not add their HSA or FSA card to their account, they can still make purchases via the Priority Health Amazon storefront and submit receipts for reimbursement."}
{"id": "doc2576", "text": "“Priority Health continues to seek out ways for our members to get more for their money by providing health insurance built around their unique needs,” said Carrie Kincaid, VP, individual markets at Priority Health. “By collaborating with Amazon, we are able to offer quick and easy home delivery of items to improve the lives of our members.”"}
{"id": "doc2577", "text": "An Australian outdoor apparel and equipment retailer is applying analytics to everything from marketing to scheduling to operations."}
{"id": "doc2578", "text": "Kathmandu, which operates over 160 stores across Australia and New Zealand, is deploying the Sensormatic Solutions ShopperTrak retail traffic application with advanced analytics to help it make data-driven decisions. The data produced by the ShopperTrak solution forms a core part of Kathmandu’s key performance indicators (KPI) set. "}
{"id": "doc2579", "text": "These metrics enable Kathmandu to drive additional sales through a focus on conversion and improved scheduling at the store level via the development of a labor demand model. Equipped with highly detailed, accurate traffic information, Kathmandu can enhance customer engagement, boost conversion rates, align staffing with traffic patterns, and improve both operational and marketing effectiveness for better decision-making."}
{"id": "doc2580", "text": "“Having an accurate traffic data set with actionable metrics is a critical advantage to help improve decision making,” said Scott Edwards, retail operations manager at Kathmandu. “The ShopperTrak solution enables us to create a demand-planning model that feeds into a workforce planning system. This capability supports the alignment of scheduling staff with peak traffic periods and power hours to ultimately have a positive impact on sales.”"}
{"id": "doc2581", "text": "The Mall of America is also utilizing ShopperTrak. The largest retail and entertainment center in North America measures mall shopping center traffic patterns, delivering mall owners and retail property managers data to explore new leasing models, quantify event success and ensure the right tenant mix by zone. By having actionable insights, Mall of America can make the most effective leasing, marketing and operational decisions to help increase profitability and improve customer experience."}
{"id": "doc2582", "text": "Amazon is reportedly developing a grocery store that will feature cashiers in a Chicago suburb."}
{"id": "doc2583", "text": "According to the Chicago Tribune, Amazon has filed for a Class D liquor license to sell goods at a site in Naperville, Ill., that once housed a Dominick’s grocery store. Renovations have reportedly been ongoing at the more than 30,000-sq.-ft- site, which also contains an operational L.A. Fitness location. "}
{"id": "doc2584", "text": "In addition, Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico confirmed to the Tribune that Amazon is opening a grocery store at the site, although Amazon declined to comment. There has been no announcement or confirmation of when a store will open there or what its name will be. Previously, Amazon said that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc2585", "text": "Amazon is also reported to be developing a roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. brick-and-mortar grocery store in Woodland Hills, Calif. Although this store is also expected to feature conventional checkout lanes, Hngry reports it will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. It is not clear whether the Naperville location will include microfulfillment."}
{"id": "doc2586", "text": "Amazon is simultaneously developing two separate grocery formats. The retailer recently opened its first Amazon Go Grocery store, which features a cashierless “Just Walk Out” shopping model, in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc2587", "text": "Green Growth Brands is removing the need to physically locate, position and scan its products from source to store."}
{"id": "doc2588", "text": "The cannabis and CBD company, which operates CBD stores under the Seventh Sense banner, is leveraging RFID technology from Yobi Software to reduce labor costs, improve inventory accuracy, and meet tight governmental chain-of-custody and lifecycle tracking regulations for cannabis plants and products."}
{"id": "doc2589", "text": "Having decided that an RFID-based platform would best allow it to effectively harvest plants and then track and manage inventory throughout its entire supply chain, Green Growth Brands (GGB) selected Yobi as its technology provider. GGB based its decision on Yobi’s modular architecture and data retention practices, as well as its experience working with companies including Amazon, Zappos, and Harley Davidson. "}
{"id": "doc2590", "text": "The seven-month deployment process involved coordinating with multiple vendors to ensure Yobi could quickly deploy the solution across the country. The team created a module to allow GGB to install the software and test the functionality on its devices at its corporate headquarters, and then ship them to the stores the week they opened. This removed the need for a technical expert to be on-site at each store, and reduced the cost of the deployment for both Yobi and GGB."}
{"id": "doc2591", "text": "Green Growth Brands is currently using Yobi RFID technology in its cultivation and harvesting processes, as well as in its nearly 200 retail stores. GGB is running pilots to use RFID to handle retail inventory, and also using Yobis POS system for its CBD product kiosks."}
{"id": "doc2592", "text": "Since deploying RFID, GGB has entered into creative agreements with mall operators including Simon Property Group, Brookfield Properties, and the Taubman Centers to place its 7th Sense CBD kiosks in 200 locations across the country, with the rollout launched in less than a year. "}
{"id": "doc2593", "text": "GGB also now has the ability to operate up to 47 cannabis dispensaries across Nevada, Massachusetts, and Florida. Because of the successful execution on the CBD rollout, Yobi has been selected to power all of these dispensaries as well. "}
{"id": "doc2594", "text": "A Southeastern grocery chain is breaking ground on a supply chain hub in North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc2595", "text": "Publix Super Markets is building a new refrigerated distribution center in Greensboro, N.C. The facility will measure over 940,000 sq. ft., with completion planned by the end of 2022. The retailer expects the center will create up to 1,000 jobs across the region by 2025."}
{"id": "doc2596", "text": "Phase one of the project will support more efficient delivery of refrigerated products to Publix locations in the Carolinas and Virginia."}
{"id": "doc2597", "text": "“The Greensboro Distribution Center will play a key role in supporting our growth in the region,” said Todd Jones, CEO, Publix. “The hundreds of new associates who join the Publix family will help us provide the premier service our customers have come to expect.”"}
{"id": "doc2598", "text": "The Greensboro facility will be Publixs 10th distribution center, joining Florida locations in Boynton Beach, Deerfield Beach, Jacksonville, Lakeland, Miami, Orlando, and Sarasota; as well as centers in Lawrenceville, Ga.; and McCalla, Ala."}
{"id": "doc2599", "text": "Publix, the largest employee-owned company in the U.S. with more than 200,000 associates, currently operates 1,243 stores in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia."}
{"id": "doc2600", "text": "Two online marketing platforms are partnering to extend the reach of brands’ product reviews and user-generated content."}
{"id": "doc2601", "text": "Through a new collaboration with Bazaarvoice, Yotpo will enable its retail and brand users to syndicate their product reviews and visual user-generated content to the global Bazaarvoice network of 1,900 retail websites, which reaches over one billion monthly shoppers. This offering follows Yotpos prior acquisition of loyalty and referrals platform Swell Rewards and recent acquisition of SMS marketing solution SMSBump."}
{"id": "doc2602", "text": "In surveys conducted by Yotpo, 98% of respondents consider authentic customer reviews to be the most influential factor in purchase decisions, and 77% said that authentic customer photos affect their purchase decisions more than professional photos. "}
{"id": "doc2603", "text": "As brands shift to develop more direct relationships with their customers, retail presents an unmatched opportunity to boost awareness, brand equity, and sales, said Tomer Tagrin, CEO and co-founder, Yotpo. Consumers are strongly influenced by the social proof that customer reviews and photos provide, making the ability to syndicate user-generated content to an industry-leading retail review syndication network a win for all: consumers, brands, and retailers alike."}
{"id": "doc2604", "text": "Syndication to the Bazaarvoice Network represents a powerful channel for brands looking to scale their business and maintain lasting customer relationships, says Keith Nealon, CEO, Bazaarvoice. Were confident that our combined client base will benefit greatly from syndicating content across our wide-reaching network."}
{"id": "doc2605", "text": "A main voice from “Frozen” is helping Verishop speak up against prostate cancer."}
{"id": "doc2606", "text": "Actress Kristen Bell (who voiced Anna in the animated “Frozen” films) is curating a special collection of fashion, beauty, wellness and home décor products for sale on the e-commerce platform through the end of March. Verishop will donate 20% of sales of the collection to the Prostate Cancer Foundation (PCF). Bell and her husband, actor Dax Shepard, have long publicly supported PCF."}
{"id": "doc2607", "text": "The collection will be hosted among Verishop’s Tastemaker Shops, which are stores curated by fashion influencers and experts in the fields of retail, décor, beauty and wellness. Bell’s collection can be found at verishop.com/tastemakers/kristen-bell."}
{"id": "doc2608", "text": "Bell will also donate products selected from her collection for a special care package that will be given to the winner of the PCF TRUE Love contest, which accepts submissions of inspirational stories from caregivers of prostate cancer patients. "}
{"id": "doc2609", "text": "“I am delighted that Verishop has joined in on supporting the TRUE campaign this year,” Bell said. “Together, we are showing love and care for the caregivers and highlighting the stories of these unsung heroes.”"}
{"id": "doc2610", "text": "Launched in June 2019, Verishop is an e-commerce site that focuses on millennial and Gen Z shoppers with influencers and social responsibility. Verishop’s standard offerings include free two-day shipping, free returns, and 24/7 online customer service. The retailer handpicks and curates brands that it directly purchases products from to avoid counterfeiting and unscrupulous third-party sellers. "}
{"id": "doc2611", "text": "Coffee lovers have a new subscription option."}
{"id": "doc2612", "text": "Fast-casual food service retailer Panera is introducing what it calls the first unlimited monthly coffee subscription plan offered by a national restaurant chain. Customers can receive unlimited hot drip coffee, iced coffee and hot tea for $8.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc2613", "text": "The new coffee subscription, known as “MyPanera+Coffee,” is available to members of the retailer’s free MyPanera loyalty program. MyPanera members can register for the subscription via the Panera website and mobile app. Sign up via QR code will be also available in Panera stores nationwide beginning Monday, March 2. The plan is available for $8.99 plus tax and includes one cup of drip hot coffee, hot tea, or iced coffee every two hours during regular store hours, including free refills of the same beverage at participating U.S. locations."}
{"id": "doc2614", "text": "Coffee is an important daily ritual for so many—it can give you a dose of optimism—it lifts you up,” said Niren Chaudhary, Panera CEO. “We kept asking ourselves, why cant it be more accessible, more affordable? Moreover, could unlimited coffee translate to unlimited optimism? Today, were changing the game for coffee drinkers across the country with our no compromises, unlimited subscription service—great coffee at an amazing value. We are eliminating the price barrier and the false choices between convenience and quality – between good coffee and craveable food. At Panera, theres no more compromise—and your cup is always full."}
{"id": "doc2615", "text": "Panera is supporting the launch of MyPanera+Coffee with an integrated marketing and creative campaign, “Your Cup is Always Full,” which includes digital, TV, radio, and more."}
{"id": "doc2616", "text": "Tom Caposano, CEO of Clarus Commerce, said Panera should obtain several benefits from MyPanera+Coffee."}
{"id": "doc2617", "text": "By offering unlimited coffee and tea for a monthly fee of $8.99, customers will start to see savings after only a few cups - a huge leg up against competitor menus that cost the same amount (or more) every single week, commented Caposano. Even better, the subscription will encourage more frequent stops at Panera restaurants, with a higher likelihood that enrollees will try a breakfast or lunch item to pair with their daily coffee reward. Over time, it will rake in an abundance of helpful customer data, allowing the brand to uncover exactly what customers like the most. Because of these insights, Panera will be able to tailor its next loyalty program updates based on real customer feedback, strengthening current and future loyalty in the process."}
{"id": "doc2618", "text": "A number of on-demand food delivery platforms, including Grubhub, Uber Eats, and Door Dash, have all introduced subscription plans that offer unlimited free or discounted deliveries of food and beverage items for a monthly fee. But Panera does appear to be entering new territory. It will be worth watching whether other fast-casual and coffee retailers follow suit."}
{"id": "doc2619", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc2620", "text": "Walmart is creating its own yearly paid subscription program to directly compete with Amazon Prime."}
{"id": "doc2621", "text": "According to Recode, the discount giant will begin piloting a membership program called Walmart+ as soon as March 2020. Walmart+ will serve as an expansion of Walmart’s current Delivery Unlimited subscription service. Delivery Unlimited provides free same-day delivery of online grocery orders from 1,600 participating Walmart stores for a yearly $98 fee. "}
{"id": "doc2622", "text": "The retailer may keep the same fee or experiment with different price strategies. Walmart also may add exclusive perks for members, such as discounts on prescriptions and fuel and in-store mobile checkout."}
{"id": "doc2623", "text": "Interestingly, Walmart also may reportedly offer text-based ordering as part of Walmart+. Text-based ordering was a feature of the retailer’s recently shuttered Jet black personal shopping service. When Walmart closed Jet black, it publicly said the service would “graduate” to join its customer organization."}
{"id": "doc2624", "text": "A Walmart spokesperson confirmed to Recode that the retailer is developing Walmart+, but did not provide details. The standard annual Amazon Prime rate is $119, although some different pricing models and discounts are available. eMarketer has reported that Amazon Prime represents close to 40% of total U.S. e-commerce sales."}
{"id": "doc2625", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc2626", "text": "FedEx is digitalizing international freight processes as the company continues increasing its competition with Amazon."}
{"id": "doc2627", "text": "The parcel shipping giant’s FedEx Logistics and FedEx Trade Networks Transport & Brokerage subsidiaries are partnering with online freight marketplace Freightos.com to digitalize internal sales and digital customs brokerage processes. "}
{"id": "doc2628", "text": "As part of the agreement, FedEx Logistics will roll out Freightos’ WebCargo AcceleRate, a multi-modal rate management and sales digitization platform, and WebCargo Air, an air cargo pricing, quoting, and e-booking solution."}
{"id": "doc2629", "text": "Leveraging these solutions, FedEx Logistics seeks to enable instant global freight pricing for its customers around the world, improving customer service and internal efficiencies. In addition, Freightos.com will incorporate the digital customs brokerage services that FedEx Trade Networks offers to enable smoother international trade for the 150,000-plus global importers and exporters registered on the Freightos.com shipping marketplace. "}
{"id": "doc2630", "text": "The on-demand customs brokerage provided by FedEx Trade Networks will augment Freightos.com’s one-stop offering of instant price comparison, booking, and management across over 75 global logistics providers. "}
{"id": "doc2631", "text": "FedEx Logistics brings a focus on compliance and simplicity, along with a globally trusted brand, to customers and importers on Freightos.com,” said John Gazitua, senior VP, Cargo Networks, FedEx Logistics. Through this agreement, the Freightos Group offers digital technology that will improve the overall customer experience. "}
{"id": "doc2632", "text": "FedEx is attempting to offer a faster, digitally-enabled global shipping experience as part of a broader effort to respond to increasing delivery pressure from Amazon. In January 2020, FedEx began offering ground delivery seven days per week for the majority of the U.S. population. And in October 2019, the company expanded its delivery of oversized e-commerce purchases to more than 80% of the contiguous U.S. population."}
{"id": "doc2633", "text": "In addition, nearly 2 million FedEx SmartPost packages that were previously given to the U.S. Postal Service for delivery to homes every day will be increasingly integrated into FedEx ground operations. FedEx also stopped delivering Amazon packages through its ground network in August 2019."}
{"id": "doc2634", "text": "Giant Food Stores is now known as The Giant Company."}
{"id": "doc2635", "text": "The supermarket retailer, which is part of Ahold Delhaize USA, unveiled its new name during its annual business meeting in Hershey, Pa. The new name is also accompanied by new logos for all of Giant’s banners."}
{"id": "doc2636", "text": "The logo for the banner of each Giant brand – Giant, Martin’s, Giant Heirloom Market, Giant Direct, and Martin’s Direct - has been refreshed. The most notable characteristic of the new logo is the leaf that is part of the “A” in each banner’s name, designed to signify The Giant Company’s commitment to growth and freshness. "}
{"id": "doc2637", "text": "Additionally, The Giant Company will utilize a contemporary color and design scheme. Over the course of the year, the company will integrate its new name and logo into its operations. The logo can be currently be seen on the exterior of The Giant Center, a 10,500-seat multi-purpose arena located in Hershey, and the company’s headquarters in Carlisle, Pa."}
{"id": "doc2638", "text": "“For nearly a century, we’ve been a trusted part of the communities we serve, helping families come together to share a meal and create special memories,” said Nicholas Bertram, president, The Giant Company. “For us, food and families go hand in hand and as we look to our future, we wanted to make sure our name reflects all we aspire to be as an omnichannel retailer. We are proud of the role our brand has played in connecting millions of families, and as The Giant Company, we will continue to passionately serve our customers and communities for a better future.”"}
{"id": "doc2639", "text": "Founded in 1923 as a two-man butcher shop, the company currently operates 186 stores across four states, with offerings including grocery delivery and pickup, catering, in-store pharmacies, nutrition education, and on-site fuel stations."}
{"id": "doc2640", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is streamlining order management and customer service with iPhones."}
{"id": "doc2641", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) will implement the NewStore omnichannel platform in its retail stores globally later in 2020. The platform will complement its existing Salesforce Commerce Cloud-based e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc2642", "text": "Specifically, DVF intends to streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone. At the same time, the company will optimize inventory management and store fulfillment, lifting the responsibility from store associates with automation."}
{"id": "doc2643", "text": "DVF will implement all NewStore Omnichannel Platform solutions, including applications for endless aisle, clienteling, store fulfillment, inventory management, mobile checkout, and omnichannel insights."}
{"id": "doc2644", "text": "Enhancing DVFs point of service system is a significant priority for the future of our business, and after extensive due diligence it became clear that NewStore was the premium choice for our brand, said Sandra Campos, CEO, Diane von Furstenberg. Their ability to offer innovative solutions across omnichannel, inventory management and data capture allow for a faster, more customer-centric experience. We are pleased to roll out this system across DVFs global store footprint."}
{"id": "doc2645", "text": "Vertical snowboarding products retailer Burton Snowboards also recently decided to deploy the NewStore omnichannel platform across its 70-store global footprint to streamline front- and back-end operations using iPhones. Burton intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app."}
{"id": "doc2646", "text": "DVF has a global distribution network in over 100 countries and with over 450 points of sale, including 86 corporate-owned and partnered stores throughout North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific. "}
{"id": "doc2647", "text": "Amazon is not the only major technology platform aggressively expanding its U.S. infrastructure."}
{"id": "doc2648", "text": "Google says it will invest more than $10 billion in data centers and offices across the U.S. in 2020. With an existing presence in 26 states across the country, Google’s new investments will be focused in 11 of them: Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New York, Oklahoma, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington, and California."}
{"id": "doc2649", "text": "According to Google, these investments will create thousands of jobs, including roles within Google, construction jobs in data centers and renewable energy facilities, and opportunities in local businesses in surrounding towns and communities. The company also invested $13 billion in U.S.-based projects in 2019."}
{"id": "doc2650", "text": "In the South, Google will add new engineering teams to its office in Atlanta. Google will also invest in expanded offices and data centers in Texas, Alabama, South Carolina, Virginia, and Tennessee. In addition, the company will open a customer support operations center in Mississippi."}
{"id": "doc2651", "text": "In the Midwest, Google will make additional investments in its offices in Detroit, open a new data center in Ohio, and complete the expansion of its data center in Iowa. In the Central U.S., Google will create the capacity to double its Colorado workforce over the next few years, in part by expanding its presence in Boulder. The tech giant will also invest further in growing data centers in Nebraska and Oklahoma. "}
{"id": "doc2652", "text": "In the East, Google is opening a new Hudson Square office in New York City, where it has the capacity to double the local workforce by 2028. Google is also expanding its office in Pittsburgh, and a bigger office in Cambridge, Mass., is under development. "}
{"id": "doc2653", "text": "In the West, the company is expanding the Google Cloud campus in Seattle and undertaking a major development in Kirkland to open later in 2020. Google is also making office and data center investments in Oregon, and in California, continues to invest in new locations in the Bay Area and Los Angeles. Google says it will accelerate its work with businesses, governments, and community organizations to distribute the $1 billion it has committed for Bay Area housing."}
{"id": "doc2654", "text": "Amazon has been announcing plans for offices and data centers at a rapid pace across the U.S., including major expansions of its campuses in New York City, Bellevue, Wash., and Las Vegas. The e-tailer has also been opening new fulfillment centers on a regular basis across the country."}
{"id": "doc2655", "text": "Supply chain disruptions and contamination concerns are two challenges the coronavirus poses to Chinese retailers."}
{"id": "doc2656", "text": "According to a report in eMarketer, small-and-mid-sized brick-and-mortar retailers in China are especially being impacted by store closures and a reduction in foot traffic. While this would seem to create an opportunity for online retailers, virus-related disruptions in supply chain and shipping operations are expected to have a negative effect on Chinese e-commerce."}
{"id": "doc2657", "text": "eMarketer now expects Chinese e-commerce revenue in 2020 to substantially fall short of the $2.328 trillion it forecast in December. Meanwhile, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has said coronavirus will create a drop in first-quarter revenues."}
{"id": "doc2658", "text": "Despite these broad e-commerce issues, online grocery sales in China have substantially increased since late January, when the coronoavirus outbreak was first declared in China’s Wuhan City. Chinese e-commerce retailer JD.com and French hypermarket retailer Carrefour have both reported sizable gains in online food revenues since the virus started rapidly spreading. "}
{"id": "doc2659", "text": "However, “contactless” pickup methods for online food orders, where customers remotely order and then pick up sealed packages of food without human interaction, are becoming popular."}
{"id": "doc2660", "text": "eMarketer also reports emerging Chinese retail trends such as an expected 20% drop in Q1 smartphone sales (compared to an anticipated 5% decline across the globe), as well as the increased use of automated drones and robots to perform e-commerce deliveries."}
{"id": "doc2661", "text": "Read the full article here. "}
{"id": "doc2662", "text": "Grubhub is directly competing with Uber Eats and DoorDash with its new monthly subscription service."}
{"id": "doc2663", "text": "The on-demand food delivery platform is launching Grubhub+, a new monthly membership program offering exclusive services and perks. For a cost of $9.99 per month, members receive unlimited free delivery at eligible restaurants, which will be marked with a GH+ by their names on the Grubhub site and app. Customers can filter their search for eligible restaurants only."}
{"id": "doc2664", "text": "In addition, the program provides unlimited 10% cashback for orders placed at Grubhub+-eligible restaurants. Other benefits include priority access to elite Grubhub customer service support, exclusive access to new rewards from the Grubhub Perks loyalty program, and double-matching on customer charitable donations to made by rounding up the change on orders through Grubhub’s Donate the Change initiative. "}
{"id": "doc2665", "text": "Currently, anyone can sign up for a free 14-day trial. Customers who are participating in any other food delivery subscription program can receive an extended 30-day free trial, and all students enrolled in any of the more than 150 college campuses that work with Grubhub will receive Grubhub+ for free. Grubhub is also offering an equivalent membership service called Seamless+ for users of its Seamless on-demand delivery service."}
{"id": "doc2666", "text": "Whether theyre trying us out for the first time or order many times a week, diners already love our exclusive Perks, said Sam Hall, Grubhubs chief product officer. Now with Grubhub+, were excited to dramatically expand rewards while doubling our charitable impact and assisting with our elite support teams. Weve pulled out all the stops for this program."}
{"id": "doc2667", "text": "Grubhub is keeping pace with other major on-demand food delivery platforms by rolling out Grubhub+. For example, Uber Eats offers Eats Pass, which for $9.99 per month provides subscribers $0 delivery and 5% off orders over $15 for orders at all restaurants on Uber Eats in the subscribers city. And DashPass, DoorDash’s nationwide subscription program, offers its members unlimited free delivery on orders $12 dollars or more from participating restaurants, also for $9.99 a month."}
{"id": "doc2668", "text": "RTW Retailwinds is putting some wind behind its digital sales."}
{"id": "doc2669", "text": "RTW, the parent company of specialty women’s apparel retailers New York & Company, Fashion to Figure, and Happy x Nature, is rolling out Salesforce as its new digital e-commerce platform partner for all of its businesses. The retailer aims to optimize the user experience and provide seamless and personalized content across all channels for each brand within the RTW portfolio with Salesforce’s cloud-based artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities."}
{"id": "doc2670", "text": "RTW has commissioned Salesforce Commerce Cloud to rebuild all of its websites. The retailer expects this shift to increase key metrics, including conversion, basket size and average dollars per sale. By leveraging AI-enhanced data from Commerce Cloud, RTW also expects to increase the effectiveness of promotional offers, maximizing sales and margins across all of its retail platforms."}
{"id": "doc2671", "text": "RTW is working on an accelerated timeline to bring fully relaunched websites online by fall 2020. Upon implementing this new e-commerce platform, the retailer intends for customers to receive optimized content (including relevant user-generated content), more relevant promotions and real-time communications from each RTW brand."}
{"id": "doc2672", "text": "“Our strategy of relaunching on a new platform is to improve our overall customer experience and align our focus on becoming a digitally dominant retailer to drive conversion and sales,” said Greg Scott, CEO, RTW. “Focusing on an enhanced customer experience will ultimately improve the customer journey, and thereby increase sales.”"}
{"id": "doc2673", "text": "RTW Retailwinds, Inc. operates 387 retail and outlet locations in 33 states. The companys portfolio includes branded merchandise from New York & Company, Fashion to Figure, Happy x Nature, and collaborations with Eva Mendes, Gabrielle Union and Kate Hudson. Branded merchandise is sold exclusively at its retail locations and e-commerce sites, and through its rental subscription businesses."}
{"id": "doc2674", "text": "Amazon’s automated customer chat is becoming more sophisticated."}
{"id": "doc2675", "text": "The e-tail giant has begun testing two neural-network-based automated customer service systems. One can handle common customer service requests automatically and one helps customer service agents respond to customers more easily."}
{"id": "doc2676", "text": "As opposed to standard text-based online customer service systems featuring automated agents that can handle simple requests by following rules, Amazon’s new neural network-based agents can handle a broader range of interactions. This enables live customer service representatives to focus on tasks that depend more on human judgment."}
{"id": "doc2677", "text": "In randomized trials, Amazon has been comparing the new neural agents to its existing rule-based automated customer service systems, using a metric called automation rate. Automation rate combines two factors: whether the automated agent successfully completes a transaction without referring it to a customer service representative, and whether the customer contacts customer service a second time within 24 hours. According to automation rate, Amazon says the new agents significantly outperform the old ones."}
{"id": "doc2678", "text": "At the same time, Amazon is also testing a variation on the system that suggests possible responses to customer service representatives, with the goal of saving them time. Amazon trained separate versions of each model for two types of interactions, return refund status requests and order cancellations. As an input, the order cancellation model receives not only the preceding customer dialogue but also some information about the customer’s account profile."}
{"id": "doc2679", "text": "In addition to the context and the profile information, the response ranker receives a candidate response as input. It also uses an attention mechanism to determine which words in which previous dialogue are particularly useful for ranking the response."}
{"id": "doc2680", "text": "“It is difficult to determine what types of conversational models other customer service systems are running, but we are unaware of any announced deployments of end-to-end, neural-network-based dialogue models like ours,” said Jared Kramer, machine learning manager at Amazon, in a corporate blog post. “And we are working continually to expand the breadth and complexity of the conversations our models can engage in, to make customer service queries as efficient as possible for our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc2681", "text": "Etsy is reducing the cost and risk to sellers of placing ads on platforms like Google and Facebook."}
{"id": "doc2682", "text": "The handmade and vintage goods e-commerce retailer is introducing Offsite Ads, a new service where Etsy will use its own budget to advertise sellers’ items on sites like Google, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and Bing. Sellers won’t pay for advertising unless they make a sale, giving them access to third-party digital platforms without any upfront costs. "}
{"id": "doc2683", "text": "Instead, Etsy will employ a success-based model. When an Etsy-funded ad leads to a sale, the featured seller will pay an advertising fee ranging from 12%-15% of the order value, capped at $100 per order, depending on the volume of sales they have made on Etsy.  "}
{"id": "doc2684", "text": "In addition, Etsy will now only dedicate sellers’ Etsy Ads budgets, which previously went to both onsite and Google Shopping ads, toward promoting their listings on Etsy. The retailer intends this change to allow sellers to better control how they promote their goods directly on our platform. Etsy introduced the Etsy Ads program in 2019 to combine on-site Promoted Listings and offsite Google Shopping advertising products into one service."}
{"id": "doc2685", "text": "“We know that 80% of our sellers want to grow their businesses and digital ads are a cost-efficient, effective way for them to drive more visits and traffic to their listings,” said Ryan Scott, chief marketing officer of Etsy. “Now, we’re further evolving our offering to continue to empower sellers to drive traffic to their shops while also mitigating the risk that can be associated with online advertising.”"}
{"id": "doc2686", "text": "The world’s largest sporting goods retailer has reportedly suffered a widescale security breach."}
{"id": "doc2687", "text": "According to VPNMentor, an active database containing over 123 million records from France-based Decathlon Group has been leaking data. The database, which holds more than 9 GB of information and runs on an ElasticSearch server, reportedly stores detailed data on Decathlon employees as well as some customer information. Decathlon operates over 1,600 stores in 49 countries, including two U.S. locations in California."}
{"id": "doc2688", "text": "VPNMentor says it detected the vulnerability on Feb. 12 as part of a “huge web mapping project” and notified Decathlon on Feb. 16. Decathlon closed the database on Feb. 17. Although it is not clear whether hackers gained access to any information stored in the database, full unencrypted logins for database administrators were also reportedly exposed."}
{"id": "doc2689", "text": "The leak reportedly includes personally identifiable information about employees, such as full names, birth dates and mobile phone numbers, as well as their corporate user names and passwords. It also includes unencrypted customer email and login data. According to VPNMentor, data regarding employees in Spain was definitely left vulnerable, with possibility that data relating to employees in the U.K. or other regions may also have been exposed."}
{"id": "doc2690", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc2691", "text": "An e-commerce titan receives the highest ratings across four crucial customer satisfaction drivers."}
{"id": "doc2692", "text": "Amazon is ranked number one in the Verint Experience Index for Q4 2019 among both the 25 top U.S. websites and top 25 retailers with a customer satisfaction (CSAT) score of 86.1 (possible score of 1-100). The other sites among the top 25 websites ranking with a significant retail component were Pinterest (No. 2, 84.7), PayPal (No. 4, 83.7), Google (No. 5, 83.4), YouTube (No. 6, 82.6), Instagram (No. 7, 80.6), Yahoo (No. 13, 79), eBay (No. 14, 78.2), Bing (No. 17, 77.7), Facebook (No. 20, 76.4), and Twitter (No. 24, 72.5)."}
{"id": "doc2693", "text": "Comparing Amazon to the e-commerce sites of other established retail brands, the top 10 ranking consisted of Amazon followed by Publix (81.8), Target (81.5), Macy’s (81.2), Lowe’s (80.5), Apple (80.5), Best Buy (80.4), Walgreens (80.3), Kroger (80.3), and 7-Eleven (79.2)."}
{"id": "doc2694", "text": "Amazon also received highest ranking among the top 25 retailers across the four key experience drivers of navigation (content findability, page layout, links), look and feel (visual appeal, spacing, legibility), site information (relevance, thoroughness, readability), and site performance (speed, complete loading, responsiveness). Target ranked second in navigation, look and feel and site information, while Apple took second place in site performance. Target did not receive a top-five ranking for site performance."}
{"id": "doc2695", "text": "Examining Amazon’s customer experience more closely, Verint found a leading 39% of Amazon shoppers said making a purchase online was the reason for their most recent visit. This was followed by just browsing (28%), researching a product or service (17%), accessing account or checking order status (6% each), and other (4%). Ninety-seven percent of Amazon shoppers said they accomplished their task on their most recent visit, while 83% logged in."}
{"id": "doc2696", "text": "The Index features a panel sample of 12,533 respondents in total, representative of the U.S. general population, with at least 250 responses per brand."}
{"id": "doc2697", "text": "Walmart will reportedly purchase products by category, rather than by channel."}
{"id": "doc2698", "text": "According to CNBC, following up on an article in the Wall Street Journal, an internal corporate memo sent Tuesday, Feb. 24 indicates Walmart plans to combine the two separate buying teams for its e-commerce site and brick-and-mortar stores into a single unit. The discounter’s goal is reportedly to better align pricing across digital and physical channels."}
{"id": "doc2699", "text": "Buyers will be split into six category-based merchandising teams: apparel, consumables, entertainment, toys and seasonal, food, hardlines, and home. Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart e-commerce, and John Furner, president and CEO of Walmart U.S., will retain their jobs. The retailer reportedly does not intend to cut any other positions resulting from this change in buying strategy."}
{"id": "doc2700", "text": "In an email sent to CNBC, a Walmart spokesperson said the retailer is attempting to become more customer-centric in its omnichannel merchandising."}
{"id": "doc2701", "text": "“Our customers see one Walmart, and they expect the same low prices and seamless experience no matter how they choose to shop with us,” Walmart said in the email. “Today we are making changes that put the customer at the center of how we buy and sell merchandise.”"}
{"id": "doc2702", "text": "Walmart missed Wall Street expectations on its recent Q4 sales and earnings, as well as its 2021 earnings outlook, although e-commerce sales rose 35% during the quarter, fueled by online grocery."}
{"id": "doc2703", "text": "Read the full article here. "}
{"id": "doc2704", "text": "A major e-commerce platform is placing a bet on Facebook’s troubled Libra cryptocurrency initiative."}
{"id": "doc2705", "text": "Shopify is joining the Libra Association, a consortium of companies dedicated to helping develop and oversee the bitcoin-based Libra cryptocurrency network Facebook has said it will launch in 2020. In a short corporate blog post, Shopify explained its move."}
{"id": "doc2706", "text": "“As online commerce becomes increasingly borderless, it’s easy to forget that payments and the value exchange of goods are not a solved problem everywhere,” Shopify said in the post. “Much of the world’s financial infrastructure was not built to handle the scale and needs of internet commerce…Our mission is to make commerce better for everyone and to do that, we spend a lot of our time thinking about how to make commerce better in parts of the world where money and banking could be far better.”"}
{"id": "doc2707", "text": "Other members of the Libra Association include Facebook, Lyft, Spotify, Uber, and Coinbase. Lawmakers in both the U.S. and Europe have been threatening to heavily regulate or even ban the cryptocurrency over concerns it could destabilize global currency markets. Several major companies that operate in the digital payment space, including Visa, Mastercard, Stripe, and eBay, all withdrew their support from Libra in 2019."}
{"id": "doc2708", "text": "Facebook disclosed in a July 2019 quarterly report that it faces potential obstacles in launching Libra. These include “significant scrutiny from governments and regulators in multiple jurisdictions,” as well as “significant uncertainty” in whether the marketplace would accept Libra and Facebook’s own lack of experience with digital currency or blockchain technology."}
{"id": "doc2709", "text": "Brad’s Deals is reaching out to users of a platform that verifies online offers."}
{"id": "doc2710", "text": "Brad’s Deals is joining the Fakespot Verified Deals program to provide users of the Fakespot platform with curated offers. Through this integration, Fakespot and Brad’s Deals will be referring users to each other’s websites, starting with basic links from Fakespot.com to Amazon deals on Brad’s Deals. In the coming months, there will be more advanced integrations happening as part of this collaboration. "}
{"id": "doc2711", "text": "Founded in 2001, Brad’s Deals connects shoppers with validated online deals and discounts. Using proprietary e-commerce artificial intelligence (AI) engines, Fakespot helps consumers identify unreliable online reviews and counterfeits while providing summary information from authentic data. "}
{"id": "doc2712", "text": "“One of the most significant challenges of shopping online is finding a source you can trust to help you make smarter purchases,” said Amy Bourne, president and COO of Brad’s Deals. “That is why our partnership with Fakespot is so important. It further supports Brads Deals mission of creating the consumer advantage, which includes the safe and reliable sourcing of products for our shoppers. Every day, millions of consumers are impacted by misleading or falsified product reviews. It is time for a new normal where retailers operate at optimal levels of authenticity and with zero tolerance for this behavior.”"}
{"id": "doc2713", "text": "“After reviewing user feedback and researching ways to provide Fakespot users with deals on good products, we decided to create Fakespot Verified Deals,” said Saoud Khalifah, CEO of Fakespot. “Unfortunately, too many platforms are not transparent on how they use affiliate links and targeted ads to generate revenue. We’re thrilled to be partnering with a team that goes that extra mile in researching deals to ensure that they are trustworthy and originating from a reputable source.”"}
{"id": "doc2714", "text": "A Mexican fast-casual chain is consolidating customer data for an improved experience."}
{"id": "doc2715", "text": "Qdoba Mexican Eats is launching its rewards program on the Paytronix CRM platform in an effort to better understand customer behavior and build more individually tailored offers. In addition, by migrating its rewards program to the Paytronix platform, Qdoba has been able to unify loyalty data with a new branded mobile app and an online ordering service based on Olo software. Qdoba is taking a “mobile-first” approach to customer engagement with its new branded app, which enables customers to order online and manage their individual rewards. Customers engage with Qdoba more frequently via mobile than any other digital channel. The retailer also intends for its new mobile app to help streamline its consistently busy lunch and dinner business and create added convenience across other dayparts.  Qdoba has also subscribed to the Paytronix Data Insights service, which provides big data processing and analytics. Working with the Paytronix Data Insights team, the retailer will be analyzing transactional data in order to better know customers and begin to develop one-to-one marketing strategies that deliver content and offers that are relevant to the individual consumer. In addition to identifying and communicating with its individual customers, Qdoba also aims to gain a deeper understanding of its catering customers."}
{"id": "doc2716", "text": "“Paytronix helps Qdoba make it easier for guests to engage with our brand while providing the insights that will help us better understand our guests, which enables us to create relevant offers and increase their visit frequency,” said Jill Adams, VP of marketing, Qdoba Mexican Eats. “Paytronix is the perfect platform to help improve the Qdoba rewards program and to help us scale the program over time.”"}
{"id": "doc2717", "text": "Qdoba operates more than 730 restaurants located across the U.S. and in Canada.  "}
{"id": "doc2718", "text": "An on-demand delivery service says working with Walmart is not profitable."}
{"id": "doc2719", "text": "Citing an initial article in Bloomberg, Pymnts reports that Texas-based delivery provider Skipcart will stop performing on-demand grocery deliveries for Walmart in March 2020. Initially, Skipcart had told Walmart it would end the partnership in May 2020. The two companies launched their delivery collaboration in 2018"}
{"id": "doc2720", "text": "Skipcart, which has been providing delivery services for 126 Walmart stores across 32 states, mostly in smaller markets, reportedly is ceasing its Walmart partnership because the company has been losing money on the deal. Deliv and Uber have also both stopped making deliveries for Walmart in the past few years due to what they said was an inability to turn a profit. "}
{"id": "doc2721", "text": "Skipcart reportedly has been making about 50,000 grocery deliveries from Walmart stores to customer homes every month. The company reportedly plans to instead focus on delivering digital restaurant orders."}
{"id": "doc2722", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc2723", "text": "Krispy Kreme is delivering on a key customer service enhancement it has long been piloting."}
{"id": "doc2724", "text": "The quick-service coffee retailer is rolling out digital delivery at nearly all of its U.S. stores starting Saturday, Feb. 29. Krispy Kreme began testing online ordering and delivery in select U.S. markets in 2018. In July 2019, Krispy Kreme unveiled plans for a new store design, menu, and slate of customer services that would include delivery. Now, customers near most Krispy Kreme U.S. stores can place delivery orders via the retailer’s website or mobile app. "}
{"id": "doc2725", "text": "To mark the occasion of its nationwide delivery launch, Krispy Kreme will deliver free doughnuts to dozens of hospitals on Feb. 29. Parents, families, doctors, nurses and other maternity ward staff at hospitals within 10 miles of most Krispy Kreme shops can post on Instagram and Twitter when a baby is delivered, citing the hospital, tagging @KrispyKreme and using #KrispyKremeSpecialDelivery. Throughout the day, Krispy Kreme will surprise families and hospital staff with deliveries of five dozen free doughnuts to celebrate “Leap Day” babies."}
{"id": "doc2726", "text": "“Krispy Kreme doughnut delivery is pretty sweet, and so are Leap Day babies,” said Dave Skena, chief marketing officer for Krispy Kreme. “Using 2020’s extra day to make the leap to national delivery, while celebrating Leap Day babies, will be a fun moment for our brand and fans.” "}
{"id": "doc2727", "text": "Krispy Kreme is introducing online delivery while major competitor Starbucks has been expanding the established on-demand delivery program it runs in partnership with Uber Eats to 49 markets in 29 states."}
{"id": "doc2728", "text": "Krispy Kreme has nearly 1,400 shops in 33 countries. "}
{"id": "doc2729", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc2730", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc2731", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc2732", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc2733", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc2734", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc2735", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc2736", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc2737", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc2738", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc2739", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc2740", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc2741", "text": "Canadian eBay sellers now have access to a broader range of shipping label services."}
{"id": "doc2742", "text": "eBay Canada and shipping app Shippo are expanding an existing partnership that establishes Shippo as the e-commerce platform’s exclusive shipping label printing partner. Collaboration began in 2017 when the companies teamed up to offer eBay sellers the ability to purchase shipping labels. "}
{"id": "doc2743", "text": "Now, the companies are extending their partnership by opening up additional shipping carriers and new payment options including major credit and debit cards. PayPal, the previous default payment method, is also being maintained. Shippos multi-carrier platform provides access to more than 58 carriers."}
{"id": "doc2744", "text": "“eBay is committed to helping our Canadian sellers succeed,” said Robert Bigler, GM, eBay Canada. “Partnering with companies like Shippo to bring efficient operational and shipping features to our platform is just one of the ways in which we’re continually enhancing our seller experience. We want our sellers to focus on growing their businesses and getting their items to buyers quickly and easily, which is why we are excited about Shippo’s new offerings and enhancements that further simplify the shipping and fulfillment processes.”"}
{"id": "doc2745", "text": "“We are excited to make shipping easier for Canadian sellers on eBay and help them deliver the experiences that today’s buyers expect,” said Laura Behrens Wu, CEO & co-founder, Shippo. “This partnership validates eBay Canadas commitment to accelerating the growth and success of their sellers and we are thrilled to help.”"}
{"id": "doc2746", "text": "An actress and her former pro surfer fiancé are publicizing their registry on a digital wedding platform."}
{"id": "doc2747", "text": "Actress, producer, director and singer Brittany Snow and her fiancé Tyler Stanaland (a luxury real estate agent and former professional surfer) have revealed their wedding gift registry picks on The Knot, an online wedding planning and registry service. The Knot’s registry offering enables couples to create an all-in-one, personalized registry which is searchable by their names."}
{"id": "doc2748", "text": "“We absolutely love that The Knot Registry offers couples like us the ability to completely build a wedding gift registry that is a direct extension of their unique love and relationship,” said Snow. “Our first date (and many, many dates to follow) included so many tacos and even more margaritas. Instead of just your standard towels and dishes, we love the idea of including home staples, like a taco bar set and frozen drink maker—things that truly mean something to us as a couple. There really were no limits to what we could include on our list of registry must-haves, which is a huge perk for couples looking for that all-in-one wedding gift registry experience.”"}
{"id": "doc2749", "text": "Along with products from registry retailers, Snow and Stanaland included options from The Knot Cash Funds feature, which helps users contribute to a couple’s planned expenses such as honeymoon, first home, date nights; and a charity component, where users can directly contribute to an organization selected by the couple. Snow and Stanaland selected the Surfrider Foundation. "}
{"id": "doc2750", "text": "“The Knot Registry’s all-in-one capabilities allow couples like Brittany and Tyler to really personalize their wedding registry on their own terms, and showcase the parts of their relationship that make their love unique,” said Kristen Maxwell Cooper, editor in chief of The Knot. “Whether couples want to fully deck out their home with new housewares and gadgets, or create cash funds to help them fund experiences—like a cultural, European honeymoon or a lifetime supply of a favorite food—couples are truly able to create a custom registry unique to them on The Knot. We’re thrilled to see Brittany and Tyler have included a mix of kitchen products to create the ultimate Taco Tuesday, along with cash funds to help guests contribute to various elements of their life together, and a charitable component because they’re a couple that wants to give back to a cause close to their hearts.”"}
{"id": "doc2751", "text": "The Knot operates across a website, mobile app, social media, national and local wedding magazines, and The Knot book series."}
{"id": "doc2752", "text": "The new Verizon Mobile Security Index reveals that retailers hold numerous mobile security concerns.According to the 2020 edition of the Index, 83% of retailers said that mobile devices are critical to the smooth running of their organization. However, 87% said that a mobile security compromise could have a lasting impact on customers’ loyalty to their brand, and 30% admitted to having suffered a compromise involving a mobile device in the past year. This figure is almost unchanged from the percentage of retailers who admitted a mobile compromise in the past year in the 2019 Index."}
{"id": "doc2753", "text": "Despite widespread mobile security concerns, 40% of retailers admitted they had sacrificed security to “get the job done.” Retailers that said they had sacrificed security were 1.5 times more likely to have suffered a breach."}
{"id": "doc2754", "text": "When retailers were asked to cite their biggest mobile security concerns, malware (92%) and phishing (90%) were the two most popular responses, followed by ransomware (85%), device loss (83%), cryptojacking (79%), and rogue apps (76%)."}
{"id": "doc2755", "text": "Retailers who expressed these concerns were most likely to say they were not prepared for device loss (23%) and malware (22%), followed by ransomware (20%), cryptojacking (17%), rogue apps (13%), and phishing (12%). Responses indicated that despite near-universal concern over phishing, most retailers feel prepared to combat it."}
{"id": "doc2756", "text": "Almost eight in 10 (77%) of retailers rated the risk of mobile device threats to their business as moderate to significant. While retailers said they were concerned about downtime and delays to their supply chains, more (71%) said that they were worried about the theft of customer data. And an even greater proportion (74%) said they were concerned about staff records being compromised. "}
{"id": "doc2757", "text": "While 88% of retailers said their frontline staff use mobile devices, only 37% said that these employees have a high level of cybersecurity awareness. And only 45% said that they gave staff ongoing training on cybersecurity, even though 78% of retailers said they think their employees are the greatest risk when it comes to mobile devices.  "}
{"id": "doc2758", "text": "To investigate the specific risks of mobile Internet of Things (IoT) devices, Verizon interviewed an additional group of retail sector professionals responsible for the procurement, management and security of these devices. Eighty-seven percent of them said their business is at risk from attacks targeting IoT devices, rating the threat moderate to significant. And 47% said they had already suffered a compromise involving an IoT device, over 50% more than said the same about other mobile devices. "}
{"id": "doc2759", "text": "Despite their fears, 33% said they had sacrificed IoT security to “get the job done,” with 80% saying that time pressure was behind the decision. Twenty-seven percent said that IoT device security isn’t a priority for version 1.0 of IoT; it’s something they can “worry about later."}
{"id": "doc2760", "text": "Verizon contracted an independent research company to survey senior professionals responsible for the procurement, management and security of mobile devices. In total, 876 people responded—over 8% of whom were from retail organizations. This includes retail, travel and hospitality companies of all sizes. "}
{"id": "doc2761", "text": "Retailers see high potential value in artificial intelligence (AI), but also a number of challenges."}
{"id": "doc2762", "text": "According to retailer-specific findings of the “Living in an AI World 2020 Report,” a KPMG survey of 751 executives across industries including retail, 85% of respondents believe AI has the potential to significantly improve organizational efficiencies. However, only slightly more than half (52%) say AI adoption is at least moderately functional in their organization, while 51% say retail is ahead of the curve in AI adoption."}
{"id": "doc2763", "text": "Although about two-thirds (64%) of respondents say the use of AI to help business is more hype than reality right now, 80% say AI technology such as chatbots and self-checkout is regularly being used to alleviate customer service issues."}
{"id": "doc2764", "text": "Looking ahead to what benefits respondents think AI will deliver in retail within the next two years, the most popular response was customer intelligence (56%), followed by self-checkout (55%), chatbots (45%), supply chain planning (44%), and marketing/advertising (43%)."}
{"id": "doc2765", "text": "Respondents also see a number of challenges and issues that must be overcome before retail can fully realize the advantages of AI. These include:"}
{"id": "doc2766", "text": "•    Lack of employee support for AI adoption (74%).•    Workforce concerns over AI taking away jobs (62%).•    Executive concerns over AI taking away jobs (54%).•    Lack of AI training (48%).•    Lack of employee preparation for AI adoption (57%). "}
{"id": "doc2767", "text": "Gymshark is taking a bite out of online delivery times."}
{"id": "doc2768", "text": "The U.K.-based, globally expanding retailer of specialty fitness apparel and accessories is rolling out Radial e-commerce fulfillment and transportation solutions to deliver service and order fulfillment to U.S. and Canadian customers. Following a successful partnership during the 2019 holiday season in the Canadian market, Gymshark will now utilize Radial technology in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc2769", "text": "Gymshark will leverage Radial fulfillment centers in Groveport, Ohio; Rialto, California; and Mississauga, Ontario to assist in providing improved, more consistent customer service. Radial leverages a multi-node fulfillment model to help ensure optimal staffing and support during periods of high demand."}
{"id": "doc2770", "text": "During its fall 2019 implementation of Radial technology, Gymshark was able to transform its original seven-to-nine-day delivery window in Canada to three days for 98% of deliveries. During Gymshark’s “Blackout” sale (a two-week period from Nov. 25 to Dec. 6), Radial processed a record-breaking number of orders and units for Gymsharks Canadian business. Gymshark delivered on approximately 60,000 total orders and processed nearly 160,000 units during the 2019 holiday season."}
{"id": "doc2771", "text": "Our customers are our community at Gymshark, so building and maintaining our relationships with them is always our top priority, and our global e-commerce experience is no exception, said Steve Hewitt, CEO at Gymshark. When we engaged Radial, we could tell immediately that they share our vision, could guide our expansion strategy and have the footprint, flexibility and resources to support our growing global community."}
{"id": "doc2772", "text": "The shorter delivery windows and enhanced customer satisfaction seen in Canada prompted Gymshark to move forward with a U.S. fulfillment expansion plan in partnership with Radial. Efforts to launch services and further build out infrastructure in Radials Ohio and California centers are already underway, with Radial reserving more than 200,000 square feet specifically for Gymshark operations. Radial and Gymshark anticipate comprehensive U.S. fulfillment support to go live in the second half of 2020."}
{"id": "doc2773", "text": "Amazon’s new grocery store format will reportedly include advanced technology to streamline in-store fulfillment of online orders."}
{"id": "doc2774", "text": "According to the Hngry food retailing blog, plans Amazon has filed with the City of Los Angeles indicate a brick-and-mortar store it intends to open in Woodland Hills, Calif. will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows a much greater density of products than can normally be stored in a contained space."}
{"id": "doc2775", "text": "Typically, microfulfillment is used to enable localized in-store fulfillment of online orders. It has primarily been piloted in the grocery vertical, with notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw testing microfulfillment technology in their stores. Kroger is building a network of warehouses equipped with microfulfillment technology to ease the burden online fulfillment places on its stores."}
{"id": "doc2776", "text": "Hngry reports that Amazon will use technology from Dematic, whose microfulfillment solution is also currently being implemented by Midwestern discounter Meijer, in the 7,200-sq.-ft. space it has dedicated in the plans for the Woodland Hills store. The space will store products including alcoholic beverages and packaged food, and represents about 20% of the store’s roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. footprint. "}
{"id": "doc2777", "text": "The Woodland Hills store is the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores. In October, The Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon had signed more than a dozen leases in the Los Angeles area as part of its plan to launch a new grocery chain. Amazon has said publicly that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc2778", "text": "Read the full Hngry article here."}
{"id": "doc2779", "text": "The U.S. state and city with the most sellers on the Amazon Handmade store are on opposite coasts."}
{"id": "doc2780", "text": "Launched in 2015, Amazon Handmade is a microsite offering hundreds of thousands of handcrafted items from thousands of artisans across more than 30 countries. Amazon has announced the 10 U.S. states and cities with the most ‘makers’ (the company’s term for Handmade artisans) selling in Handmade store. "}
{"id": "doc2781", "text": "The top 10 states with the most makers are:1.    California2.    Texas3.    New York4.    North Carolina5.    Washington6.    Georgia7.    Pennsylvania8.    Illinois9.    Michigan10.    Arizona"}
{"id": "doc2782", "text": "The top 10 cities with the most makers are:1.    New York2.    Los Angeles3.    Miami4.    Las Vegas5.    Portland, Ore.6.    Phoenix7.    San Diego8.    Seattle9.    Chicago10.    Austin, Texas"}
{"id": "doc2783", "text": "Amazon also revealed the top five product categories sold on Handmade:1.    Home2.    Jewelry3.    Accessories4.    Kitchen & dining5.    Clothing"}
{"id": "doc2784", "text": "“Across the country, there are hundreds of thousands of creative, hard-working, and unique American small businesses that are thriving with Amazon,” said Nicholas Denissen, VP of small business at Amazon. “Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores had a record-breaking year in 2019, with nearly 25,000 American small and medium-sized businesses surpassing $500,000 in sales. We will continue to invest billions of dollars in tools, services, people, and programs – like Amazon Handmade – to help these businesses grow and succeed.”"}
{"id": "doc2785", "text": "The explosion of online grocery shopping is one key trend affecting the industry, according to McKinsey & Company."}
{"id": "doc2786", "text": "In a new report, “Digital disruption at the grocery store,” McKinsey outlines five significant trends it sees as transforming the U.S. grocery sector. A summary of each trend follows."}
{"id": "doc2787", "text": "1.    The fight is onMajor retail players such as Amazon, Walmart, Instacart, and Kroger have led a transformation of grocery into a retail vertical with significant online presence. Given that the majority of large grocers have already developed some form of an e-commerce offering, new entrants have clear disadvantages, including a lack of brand equity and scale compared with traditional grocers. "}
{"id": "doc2788", "text": "However, McKinsey says they tend to have more strategic agility, cultures of innovation, and white space. Such features provide opportunities to craft value propositions for the customer of the future without sacrificing the customer of today. McKinsey notes that some larger and more traditional grocers may resist transformative innovation as they maintain their focus on their current core customer base. For example, Trader Joe’s discontinued its delivery services in New York City, citing already close proximity to customers and an unwillingness to pass on delivery costs."}
{"id": "doc2789", "text": "2.    Early movers have advantagesMcKinsey believes the winners in e-grocery will be those that deliver a great and consistent customer experience the fastest. They will give customers a sense of discovery, exploration, and inspiration, whether in a physical or virtual environment. Whichever player discovers and delivers the optimal customer experience first will be the incumbent. "}
{"id": "doc2790", "text": "Some grocers believe this means offering the most seamless click-and-collect experience, while others believe this means offering the fastest delivery. According to McKinsey, while it remains to be seen which experience US consumers value the most, it is certain that they will reward consistency."}
{"id": "doc2791", "text": "3.    Scale mattersWhere demand density is low and demand is fragmented, investments in large fulfillment centers, delivery fleets, and drivers are hard to justify. It can be impossible to cover the costs without adequate demand within the serviceable radius. "}
{"id": "doc2792", "text": "Recognizing the challenges, some major grocers are using their stores as fulfillment centers, getting more value from existing assets rather than making new investments After Amazon acquired Whole Foods Market, for example, it announced that it would fill orders from Whole Foods Market stores. Target and Walmart now offer e-commerce fulfillment at store locations and last-mile delivery through the acquisition of Shipt and a partnership with Postmates, respectively. "}
{"id": "doc2793", "text": "Grocers are also finding that integrating e-commerce fulfillment and retail-store operations can improve employee utilization, since staff can fulfill electronic orders when in-store customer traffic is low. McKinsey says the demand-density challenge will become less of an issue as e-commerce operations achieve scale and move to more centralized fulfillment models."}
{"id": "doc2794", "text": "4.    Economics improve with automation innovationThe two pillars of e-commerce fulfillment—picking and last-mile delivery—add significant operating costs to an already low-margin business. Therefore, McKinsey expects large grocers to turn to automation and robotics, such as Amazon and Kroger already have. Technology advancements could help level the playing field, but retailers need scale and demand density to justify the heavy up-front investment."}
{"id": "doc2795", "text": "5.    The talent gap is a major bottleneckTo compete with the recruiting capabilities of large technology companies, McKinsey recommends grocers should take several additional steps such as hiring a chief digital officer or equivalent, developing a clear digital strategy, offering benefits millennials seek (such as flexibility and sense of meaning and purpose), and paying market rates."}
{"id": "doc2796", "text": "A rapidly-growing franchise chain is offering points and special shopping features to members of its new loyalty program."}
{"id": "doc2797", "text": "Duck Donuts is taking off with Duck Donuts Rewards, a mobile point-based loyalty program based on the LevelUp platform. Available to download on Apple Store and Google Play, the app is designed to work seamlessly with Duck Donuts’ existing POS technology. Rewards members can order ahead in the app and skip the line when they arrive at the store, or scan the app in-store to pay. Customers will earn five points for every dollar spent that will unlock rewards as the status levels increase. As a signup perk, customers receive a free donut after first purchase and on their birthday, in addition to other surprise benefits throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc2798", "text": "In addition to driving visits and purchases, Duck Donuts hopes the program will provide consumer-driven data that will enable better insight into its target audiences."}
{"id": "doc2799", "text": "The following rewards are unlocked at each status level:•    Welcome: Free customized donut after first purchase.•    Fantasduck: Earn 300 points and choose between a free donut or medium coffee.•    Incrediduck: Earn 600 points and receive two free donuts and a medium coffee.•    Magnifiduck: Earn 1,200 points to earn a free half-dozen donuts.•    Stependuck: Earn 2,250 points to receive a free dozen donuts."}
{"id": "doc2800", "text": "We are thrilled to announce the official launch of Duck Donuts Rewards, giving us the opportunity to further engage and reward our loyal guests with our point-based system,” said Russ DiGilio, Duck Donuts founder and CEO. “Duck Donuts Rewards provides a mobile-friendly user experience and convenient way to enjoy our warm, delicious and made-to-order donuts. Having the ability to order donuts and earn rewards in the same app truly streamlines the checkout experience for our customers.”  Duck Donuts opened its first locations in 2007 in Duck and Kitty Hawk, N.C. By 2011, the retailer had expanded to four Outer Banks locations. The first franchise opened in Williamsburg, Va., in 2013, and there are now 90 open franchise locations and more than 145 additional contracts in 26 states and four countries."}
{"id": "doc2801", "text": "Hy-Vee Inc. will soon begin renovations on four QT convenience stores it has purchased in the Des Moines, Iowa, metro area."}
{"id": "doc2802", "text": "The regional, employee-owned supermarket chain will reopen the four QT convenience store locations under the Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh Express brand on March 20. The four stores are located in the Iowa communities of Clive, Urbandale, Johnston, and Windsor Heights."}
{"id": "doc2803", "text": "Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh Express will have traditional convenience store offerings, as well as a variety of meal and snack options, including a fresh food express counter that will serve both breakfast and burgers, sushi, healthy home meal choices, Hy-Vee Short Cuts grab-and-go fruits and vegetables, fresh-fried donuts, bakery options, and other food items. "}
{"id": "doc2804", "text": "Each location will also have a wine and spirits section. In addition, fuel pumps will be available. The four locations’ hours will be 5 a.m. to 11 p.m., seven days a week."}
{"id": "doc2805", "text": "Hy-Vee, Inc. operates more than 265 retail stores across eight Midwestern states with sales of $10 billion annually. "}
{"id": "doc2806", "text": "Winners of a product search held by two multiplatform video retailers are starting to launch sales."}
{"id": "doc2807", "text": "QVC and Home Shopping Network (HSN) conducted “The Big Find,” a nationwide search for innovative products in beauty, fashion, accessories, and jewelry, during 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, 38 of more than 70 total new brands are launching on QVC or HSN, including 21 beauty brands (such as Act & Acre, Mented Cosmetics, ALKAGLAM, and Follain), seven jewelry brands (such as Valencia Key Jewelry and Taudrey), seven accessories brands (such as Have Some Fun Today), and several other brands."}
{"id": "doc2808", "text": "The products will be sold via the retailers broadcasts, websites, apps, and social media pages. All of the winning brands will introduce their goods on the QVC and HSN platforms by the end of 2020."}
{"id": "doc2809", "text": "As the pioneers of video commerce and brand storytelling, weve launched or nurtured some of the nations most successful entrepreneurial brands, such as IT Cosmetics, TATCHA, Juniors Cheesecake, Korres, and others, said Mary Campbell, chief merchandising officer, Qurate Retail Group, and chief commerce officer, QVC U.S. By supporting entrepreneurs, we continue to bring customers innovative new brands, often with a high degree of exclusivity. Were constantly on the hunt for promising entrepreneurs with compelling products."}
{"id": "doc2810", "text": "The Big Find opened online in June 2019 and attracted more than 650 entries, representing 43 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and 12 other countries including South Africa, Australia, Singapore, South Korea, India, and Monaco. In August, more than 270 semi-finalists met QVC and HSN buyers at day-long pitching sessions held in several locations. Each entrepreneur had 10 minutes to explain why their product should be offered on QVC or HSN. Judges considered the product as well as the story behind the brand and how each brand and product could be promoted through live storytelling across multiple customer touchpoints."}
{"id": "doc2811", "text": "Over the years, QVC and HSN have conducted multiple on-the-road tours and online searches to curate products – and these efforts are ongoing. QVC and HSN are business units of parent company Qurate Retail Group. "}
{"id": "doc2812", "text": "New search and purchasing data from digital commerce technology provider Bloomreach indicates that Valentine’s Day 2020 was a last-minute mobile shopping bonanza."}
{"id": "doc2813", "text": "Mobile e-commerce was the top source of last-minute sales, increasing by 43% from 2019. Mobile traffic increased by 94% on February 13 from 2019. Desktop shopping saw far less growth, with only a 7% bump in sales and 8% increase in traffic the night before Valentine’s day, compared to 2019."}
{"id": "doc2814", "text": "In addition, “cliché” items such as flowers and jewelry declined in sales by 13% and 36%, respectively. Lingerie and dine-in options making up the biggest percentages of revenue."}
{"id": "doc2815", "text": "These findings support recent data from mobile marketing firm Adjust indicating in-app shopping activity increases by 11% on Valentine’s Day (Feb. 14), compared to the rest of the month of February. In particular, food and drink apps see a 20% increase on Valentine’s Day. "}
{"id": "doc2816", "text": "Everybody’s working for the weekend, except e-commerce retailers."}
{"id": "doc2817", "text": "According to a new study of e-commerce trends from website analytics solution Oribi, Tuesday holds the highest online sales conversion rate (2.5%), followed by Monday (2.25%). The overall average conversion rate of 2.2% drops as the week progresses, falling to 2.1% on the weekends. "}
{"id": "doc2818", "text": "While 11% of all visitors add items to their carts, of these, only 39% proceed to checkout, with 48% of that group completing a purchase. In looking at which channels generate the highest amount of traffic, Oribi found that almost half (48.9%) of all traffic is driven directly to stores via sources such as email marketing and mobile apps. Google is the main second-party traffic driver, powering 35% of traffic through organic search (20.6%) and paid search ads (14.1%), followed by Facebook organic/paid (9.6%) and Instagram organic/paid (1.5%)."}
{"id": "doc2819", "text": "Looking at overall conversion rates for each channel, Google (paid) takes the lead with 2.7% followed by direct traffic (2.5%), Google (organic) (2.1%), Facebook paid/organic (1.5%), and Instagram paid/organic (0.8%). Oribi’s analysis also revealed a gap in the conversion rate of visitors coming from social media platforms based on product price. For products costing less than $100, the conversion rate is above average at 2.6%. For products costing more than $100, the conversion rate drops to 0.4%.  Additional findings include: •    The average conversion rate for visitors on desktop is 2.7% but only 1.9% on mobile, making desktop visitors 50% more valuable than mobile shoppers."}
{"id": "doc2820", "text": "•    The conversion rate for low-priced products was around 2.3%, whereas medium-priced products had a conversion rate of 1.3% and high-end products were 1.5%."}
{"id": "doc2821", "text": "•    51% of visitors buy on their first session, 19% purchase on the second session, 10% purchase on the third session, 14% for sessions four through nine and 6% for any session past the 10th."}
{"id": "doc2822", "text": "A new feature of the GasBuddy travel and navigation app is bringing the flash sale model to fuel purchases."}
{"id": "doc2823", "text": "The GasBuddy “Deal Alerts” offering provides consumers below-advertised gas prices that are uniquely tailored to the individual based on factors such as location, retailer- and partner-funded discounts, and app-use frequency. Consumers who check the GasBuddy app and use the Pay with GasBuddy card for fuel purchases gain access to deeper, dynamic discounts personalized to them."}
{"id": "doc2824", "text": "“We’re embarking on one of our most significant product updates with the Deal Alerts feature,” said Sarah McCrary, GasBuddy CEO. “For nearly two decades GasBuddy has helped consumers save money by surfacing gas prices, and then more directly by introducing Pay with GasBuddy, a payments program that provides a fixed discount on every fill-up. Now with Deal Alerts, GasBuddy is doing the heavy lifting by piecing together ways to bring down the price for the consumer. At the end of the day: check the GasBuddy app, and save.” "}
{"id": "doc2825", "text": "Users who are more active on the GasBuddy platform, which includes entering gas prices, using Pay with GasBuddy, and participating in the GasBack rewards program, will be awarded with steeper discounts. "}
{"id": "doc2826", "text": "Deal Alerts is now available to all Pay with GasBuddy users. To start saving on every fill-up with Deal Alerts, users can sign up for the free Pay with GasBuddy program and download the latest version of the GasBuddy app in the Apple or Google Play store. Starting Feb. 20, the first 10,000 people who sign for Pay with GasBuddy will receive $5 in GasBack rewards funds."}
{"id": "doc2827", "text": "GasBuddy covers more than 150,000 gas stations in North America, giving drivers 27 ways to save on fuel."}
{"id": "doc2828", "text": "Two cloud-based workforce management solutions companies with significant retail practices are combining. "}
{"id": "doc2829", "text": "Kronos Inc. and Ultimate Software have entered into a definitive merger agreement. The new company will bring together Ultimate’s UltiPro human capital management (HCM) and Employee Experience products with Workforce Dimensions from Kronos, Kronos Workforce Ready, and other solutions from Kronos."}
{"id": "doc2830", "text": "Upon closing, the combined company will have revenues of approximately $3 billion, more than 12,000 employees worldwide, and an enterprise value of $22 billion, with further plans for growth including the addition of 3,000 employees over the next three years."}
{"id": "doc2831", "text": "Aron Ain, Kronos CEO, will be the CEO and chairman of the combined company, leading an executive team comprised of leaders from both Ultimate and Kronos.The new company will be jointly headquartered in Lowell, Mass. and Weston, Fla., with dozens of offices around the world."}
{"id": "doc2832", "text": "Hellman & Friedman LLC (H&F), the controlling shareholder of both Kronos and Ultimate, will be the controlling shareholder of the newly-formed company. "}
{"id": "doc2833", "text": "“I have never been more excited in my 40 years at Kronos! Combining our passionate and extremely talented Kronos and Ultimate teams will create a company that is truly people-inspired,” said Ain. “Together, we will expand the value we deliver to customers and create the industry’s most comprehensive human capital management and workforce management solution for organizations around the world. Our top priority as we complete this merger is to ensure a smooth transition for our people and continue to exceed our customers’ expectations.”"}
{"id": "doc2834", "text": "“The combination of Ultimate and Kronos paves the way to deliver the next generation of employee-facing solutions that will set the standard for the workforce of the future,” said Adam Rogers, CEO, Ultimate. “This merger will enable our more than 12,000 inspired people around the world to deliver innovation in human capital management faster than ever before. Both companies remain fully committed to their core strengths as well as to the combined benefits that the new company will bring to employees and customers.”"}
{"id": "doc2835", "text": "The all-stock merger has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies and is expected to close at the end of March 2020."}
{"id": "doc2836", "text": "Banana Republic is teaming up with an on-demand delivery platform to make BOPIS even more convenient."}
{"id": "doc2837", "text": "The specialty apparel retailer is partnering with Postmates to launch its first-ever on-demand delivery. The new service, available in the New York City and Southern California markets, enables customers to purchase items online and have them delivered to their home. "}
{"id": "doc2838", "text": "Customers in eligible markets can select the buy online pick up in store (BOPIS) option and once they receive notification their items are available for pickup, choose to have a Postmates driver retrieve their goods and deliver them. Delivery will be free on these orders within the delivery radius.   “We are excited to introduce this partnership with Postmates as we continue to offer our customers convenient ways to shop,” says Mary Alderete, Banana Republic chief marketing officer. “Our customers are curious, connected and out in the world and we’re offering them a modern retail experience. Same-day delivery is a natural next step for us as we’re seeing continued success with our buy online pick up in-store program.” Banana Republic’s sister brand Old Navy, which shares Gap Inc. as a parent, began offering a similar program in partnership with Postmates in December 2019. Old Navy shoppers in select markets can also have a Postmates driver deliver their BOPIS purchases, at a cost of $8.99 per delivery."}
{"id": "doc2839", "text": "Founded in San Francisco, Banana Republic is located in more than 650 company-operated and franchise retail locations worldwide."}
{"id": "doc2840", "text": "Federal judges will determine if Amazon holds responsibility for damages caused by goods sold on Amazon Marketplace."}
{"id": "doc2841", "text": "According to CNN, the U.S. Third Court of Appeals in Philadelphia is hearing the case “Oberdorf v. Amazon.” The case was originally brought by Heather Oberdorf, who was blinded in one eye in 2015 as a result of what she claims was a faulty dog collar purchased from third-party seller The Furry Gang on Amazon. Neither Oberdorf nor Amazon has been able to locate The Furry Gang."}
{"id": "doc2842", "text": "In 2019, a lower court determined that under Pennsylvania law, Amazon could be legally considered the seller of the faulty product and held liable for any damages it caused. Amazon is appealing the case, saying it provides a marketplace for third-party sellers but does not act as the seller for third-party transactions. Amazon states this policy in its conditions of use for Amazon Marketplace. "}
{"id": "doc2843", "text": "In addition, Amazon argues that it is shielded from liability for third-party sellers by the Communications Decency Act, which prevents online platforms from being considered the publisher of content posted by third parties. If Amazon loses in this ruling, the e-tailer could theoretically continue to appeal the case up to the Supreme Court.  "}
{"id": "doc2844", "text": "“The Oberdorf v. Amazon case reflects the growing public demands for a more stringent regulatory regime to police e-commerce platforms to promote the interests of consumers and rights owners,” said Chloe Lee, brand protection team leader at Incopro. “This is also very much aligned with and supports the recent protectionist discourse and policy initiatives in the U.S. A ruling in favor of Oberdorf should drive meaningful changes in the current e-commerce environment, ideally leading to the formation of tangible and enforceable practices aligned with the messages from the Trump Administration and the framework recently established by Department of Homeland Security, which puts forth recommendations aimed against trafficking in counterfeit and pirated goods."}
{"id": "doc2845", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc2846", "text": "Tirescanner is going on the road with an at-home installation service."}
{"id": "doc2847", "text": "The online tire retailer is complementing its nationwide network of brick-and-mortar partner stores with a national, direct-to-consumer mobile tire installation service. The new service enables customers to receive next-day, at-home installation of any brand/size tire."}
{"id": "doc2848", "text": "Tirescanners mobile install service is currently available in 35 states and will cover all 50 U.S. states by 2021. To utilize the at-home installation service, customers can select the mobile install option after entering their car and tire selection on the Tirescanner website. "}
{"id": "doc2849", "text": "Tirescanner is thrilled to announce the launch of our mobile installation program – the industrys first nationwide delivery and installation service, said Mike Welch, CEO and Founder, Tirescanner. As well as offering the very best in-store installation service, we are now able to look after our customers at their home or work. We anticipate our new mobile offering will prove very popular with businesses and time-poor consumers. It fits perfectly alongside our world-class brick and mortar network of independent partners, which now gives us coverage across 48 states. said Welch."}
{"id": "doc2850", "text": "Tirescanner is an online marketplace focused on driving sales at small-to-mid-sized, brick-and-mortar tire retailers. The retailer keeps their margin, and pays a commission when a sale has been processed. "}
{"id": "doc2851", "text": "A regional supermarket chain is applying artificial intelligence to customer engagement."}
{"id": "doc2852", "text": "Harps Foods Stores, an employee-owned supermarket retailer operating 96 stores in Arkansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, and Kansas, is deploying customer engagement marketing tools from Birdzi. Harps will leverage Birdzi’s real-time digital ecosystem, which is specifically designed to support the marketing strategies of regional food retailers. "}
{"id": "doc2853", "text": "A key component of the Birdzi solution is an artificial intelligence (AI) relationship engine, which uses several hundred attributes for each shopper, updated with each purchase, to enable contextual relevancy. With a real-time view of shopper intent, Harps will be able to offer up-to-the-second recommendations based on customer behavior and location."}
{"id": "doc2854", "text": "This will enable Harps to better address customer needs, including through more relevant real-time recommendations than what was previously possible."}
{"id": "doc2855", "text": "“We’re ready to expand our digital customer engagement efforts, so it is only natural to work with Birdzi,” said David Ganoung, VP of marketing for Harps. “Harps will be leveraging Birdzi’s real-time personalization and relevancy as we continue to enhance our shopping experience and engage with our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc2856", "text": "“We are proud to work with David and the Harps team in rolling out new digital capabilities,” said Shekar Raman, CEO and co-founder of Birdzi. “Birdzi’s platform begins with the customer, a focus fully aligned with Harps’ customer-first philosophy.”"}
{"id": "doc2857", "text": "Amazon employees at its Seattle headquarters reportedly now have full access to the Amazon Care virtual health service."}
{"id": "doc2858", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon has quietly moved Amazon Care from pilot phase into full rollout for eligible workers and their dependents at its corporate headquarters who live in certain ZIP codes. Amazon initially piloted Amazon Care for headquarters employees in fall 2019. The program, delivered by a dedicated mobile app, includes virtual care, in-person nurse visits at home or office, and home prescription delivery."}
{"id": "doc2859", "text": "According to the Amazon Care website, the service is designed to be a “first stop” healthcare provider for urgent issues such as colds, allergies, infections, and minor injuries. Amazon Care can also provide preventative heath consults, vaccines and lab work; sexual health services such as contraception and sexually transmitted infection testing; and answers to general family health questions."}
{"id": "doc2860", "text": "Omnichannel care options include in-app text chat with a nurse on any health topic; in-app video visits with a doctor or nurse practitioner; a mobile care nurse who can provide in-person exams, testing or treatment; and courier delivery of prescribed medications to an employee’s home or office."}
{"id": "doc2861", "text": "“Amazon Care eliminates travel and wait time, connecting employees and their family members to a physician or nurse practitioner through live chat or video, with the option for in-person follow up services from a registered nurse ranging from immunizations to instant strep throat detection,” an Amazon spokesperson told CNBC. "}
{"id": "doc2862", "text": "Currently, Amazon Care operates Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Saturday and Sunday 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oasis Medical provides Amazon Care medical services, which do not include emergency medical services."}
{"id": "doc2863", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc2864", "text": "Neiman Marcus Group is rolling out its women’s spring campaign with the participation of a supermodel and a celebrity stylist."}
{"id": "doc2865", "text": "The luxury retailer is featuring supermodel/actress/entrepreneur Kate Upton and stylist Erin Walsh in a three-part video series focused on “dressing for success” through suiting, essentials for travel, and building a transformative wardrobe."}
{"id": "doc2866", "text": "Specific trends featured in Neiman Marcus’s spring collection include a classic color combination of black and white with a minimalist approach focused on crisp, streamlined pieces and tonal layering, like white and ivory. Other spring trends include accessories like an oversized handbag in a bold color, more vibrant floral prints and saturated colors, and natural details like straw handbags or cork sandals."}
{"id": "doc2867", "text": "As our customers are jetting off to far-flung locales or taking steps toward self-improvement, were with them every step of their journey to help stylishly guide their way, said Lana Todorovich, president and chief merchandising officer, Neiman Marcus. We loved the concept of highlighting the ever-evolving fashion journey each of our customers go through. Our womens campaign comes to life across Neiman Marcus online and in store, inviting customers to break out of their comfort zones and discover something new, fresh, and transformative."}
{"id": "doc2868", "text": "Style is something that is unique to each and every person, and as a person grows and evolves, so does their style, said Kate Upton. Spring is the perfect time to refresh your wardrobe to highlight your personality. Im so excited to be a part of this Neiman Marcus campaign that celebrates the journey of developing a personal style that works for each individual."}
{"id": "doc2869", "text": "Neiman Marcus will promote its spring campaign across online, email, social media, and brick-and-mortar channels."}
{"id": "doc2870", "text": "Purchase behavior varies across different product categories, according to a new survey."}
{"id": "doc2871", "text": "According to “The Future of How People Shop,” a new survey from marketing technology and consumer engagement firm Valassis, 71% of grocery consumers say they want to get their shopping done as quickly as possible. Yet nearly four in 10 grocery consumers also say they wish advertising would help them break out of purchasing habits to discover something new or better."}
{"id": "doc2872", "text": "Among small consumer electronics (smartphone, earbuds, etc.) shoppers, 63% would welcome targeted advertising that guides them through the store to locate a product, compared to 43% of all consumers. More than six in 10 (62%) appreciate when companies use their data to serve up personalized ads, compared to 34% of all consumers."}
{"id": "doc2873", "text": "In addition, 60% wish that advertising helped them discover new or better things, compared to 38% of all consumers, and more than half (56%) say they frequently try products based on the recommendation of influencers and celebrities, compared to 30% of all consumers."}
{"id": "doc2874", "text": "When it comes to shopping for skincare items, 73% of skincare consumers say they love advertising that teaches me something new,” compared to 65% of all consumers)."}
{"id": "doc2875", "text": "Quick-service and fast-casual restaurant consumers are drawn by experience. Almost two-thirds (64%) of restaurant consumers love advertising that features a product or service that satisfies an immediate need or want, and 43% said being hungry or thirsty made them start thinking about a purchase."}
{"id": "doc2876", "text": "“The Future of How People Shop” study was fielded on behalf of Valassis in conjunction with Kantar, a global marketing research and consulting firm, among 1,000 shopper-respondents 18 years and older. "}
{"id": "doc2877", "text": "Large technology platforms such as Amazon, Google, and Facebook may have less control over data and more AI restrictions in the EU."}
{"id": "doc2878", "text": "The European Commission, which implements decisions and manages day-to-day operations for the European Union (EU), has unveiled a new set of what it calls “ideas and actions” designed to ensure “open, fair, diverse, democratic and confident” digital transformation. Of particular interest to major U.S.-based technology platforms are proposed regulations governing the development and control of data and artificial intelligence (AI)."}
{"id": "doc2879", "text": "Over the next five years, the commission intends to focus on three key objectives in digital: technology that works for people; a fair and competitive economy; and an open, democratic and sustainable society. The EU says it wants to create a single European data market for data which will allow unused data to flow freely within the EU. Non-personal data would be made available to all public and private individuals and companies.  "}
{"id": "doc2880", "text": "In terms of AI, the EU seeks to create incentives to accelerate deployment of AI, including by smaller and medium-sized enterprises. This includes continuing to apply strict EU rules for consumer protection, unfair commercial practices and personal data and privacy. The EU also wants to ensure that authorities can test and certify the data used by AI algorithms in “high-risk” systems, including in health areas such as cosmetics, is unbiased, transparent, traceable, and subject to human oversight. "}
{"id": "doc2881", "text": "For lower-risk AI applications, the EU plans to enact a voluntary labelling scheme with high standards. All AI applications will be welcome in the European market as long as they comply with EU rules. In addition, the EU said it is willing to review what exceptions, if any, may be justified to current rules that mostly ban facial recognition as a form of biometric identification."}
{"id": "doc2882", "text": "“Our society is generating a huge wave of industrial and public data, which will transform the way we produce, consume and live,” said Thierry Breton, EU commissioner for internal market. “I want European businesses and our many SMEs to access this data and create value for Europeans – including by developing AI applications. Europe has everything it takes to lead the ‘big data race, and preserve its technological sovereignty, industrial leadership and economic competitiveness to the benefit of European consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc2883", "text": "Etsy plans to improve efficiency and customer experience with cloud-based data storage and analytics."}
{"id": "doc2884", "text": "The handmade and vintage goods e-commerce retailer has completed a two-year migration from physical data centers to a Google Cloud platform. Now fully operational in the cloud, Etsy moved 5.5 petabytes of data from about 2,000 servers to Google Cloud, the equivalent of moving 22 times the data in the Library of Congress. "}
{"id": "doc2885", "text": "As a result, Etsy has been able to shift more than 15% of its engineering headcount from daily infrastructure management to improving the customer experience. Etsy’s experiment velocity increased 115% in 2019, which the retailer said leads to insights that help its meet buyer and seller needs, ultimately delivering a more personalized, seamless experience. "}
{"id": "doc2886", "text": "This includes building more sophisticated algorithms to help buyers find exactly what they’re searching for within Etsy’s marketplace of more than 65 million seller-generated listings that don’t map back to a single catalog. "}
{"id": "doc2887", "text": "Etsy also says utilizing Google Cloud for data processing will enable it run on 100% renewable electricity by the end of 2020, building on its sustainability efforts that include achieving carbon-neutral shipping. In addition, Etsy says that by allowing it to spin up hundreds of servers in minutes and power then down when they aren’t needed, Google Cloud increases agility while significantly reducing energy usage and overhead resources."}
{"id": "doc2888", "text": "“With the completion of our cloud migration, the sky’s the limit when it comes to our ability to innovate and improve our marketplace, as we leverage the strength and efficiencies we’ve gained through our partnership with Google Cloud,” Mike Fisher, CTO of Etsy, said in a corporate blog post. “We believe our migration to the cloud will allow us to experiment more often with larger data sets and more sophisticated machine learning models, all while reducing our environmental impact. As we gain momentum, we’ll continue to assess how to leverage Google Cloud and take advantage of tools to help make the Etsy experience even better for our community.”"}
{"id": "doc2889", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets is using sustainable packaging for select meat products."}
{"id": "doc2890", "text": "Wegmans is partnering with reusable packaging and supply chain solutions provider Tosca to ship case-ready meat products in reusable plastic containers (RPCs). This packaging change is designed to remove more than 1 million pounds of corrugated cardboard from the supply stream. "}
{"id": "doc2891", "text": "In addition, RPCs allow for higher stacking and improved cube utilization, resulting in more product per pallet and truck, with fewer trucks on the road. As part of a broader commitment to sustainability, Wegmans is focused on reducing waste and identifying more sustainable packaging alternatives. "}
{"id": "doc2892", "text": "We need to ensure packaging is functional and performs as expected, but we also want it to be environmentally responsible, said Jason Wadsworth, Wegmans category merchant, packaging and sustainability. Switching to RPCs help us reach our sustainability goals by eliminating a significant amount of packaging waste."}
{"id": "doc2893", "text": "Tosca is dedicated to helping retailers optimize their supply chain but decreasing costs is only one piece of the puzzle for retailers that have aggressive sustainability goals, said Eric Frank, president and CEO of Tosca. Thats why were excited to partner with Wegmans—not only will we help them reach their sustainable packaging goals, but well also help them lower transportation costs, reduce shrink, and improve product quality at the same time."}
{"id": "doc2894", "text": "An “American Idol” will represent Wayfair Inc. across TV, digital and brick-and-mortar channels."}
{"id": "doc2895", "text": "Singer, songwriter, and TV voice coach and talk show host Kelly Clarkson will serve as the digitally native home furnishings retailer’s first official brand ambassador in the U.S. The new, integrated partnership with Clarkson, who rose to fame as the first winner of the “American Idol” TV singing competition, is titled, “Home: You Got This.”"}
{"id": "doc2896", "text": "The campaign will include a series of ads featuring Clarkson that will air on TV platforms beginning Monday, Feb. 24. Clarkson will also appear across Wayfair’s digital and social channels, as well as other brand engagements throughout the year, including integrations on her daytime talk show, ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show.’”"}
{"id": "doc2897", "text": "In April 2020, Wayfair and Clarkson will release an exclusive, two-part collection of furniture, décor and more, inspired by her lifestyle and southern roots. Spanning pieces for the whole home, the line will offer products ranging from bedroom sets and armoires, to dining tables, bar carts, chandeliers, and more."}
{"id": "doc2898", "text": "“I’m so excited to team up with Wayfair to connect with their shoppers and show them how simple it is to turn their home into a place that feels as special as they are,” said Clarkson. “Wayfair already does a fantastic job of offering an amazing selection, service and shopping tools that make it so easy to find literally everything you could ever want. I’m stepping in to inspire and help everyone realize that they really can make their vision a reality!”"}
{"id": "doc2899", "text": "“We’re delighted to work with Kelly Clarkson to support our mission of helping people easily and affordably shop for the home,” said Courtney Lawrie, director of brand marketing, Wayfair. “Prior to selecting a brand partner, we polled Wayfair customers as their feedback informs so much of what we do. Kelly’s vibrant charisma, confidence and authenticity resonated with Wayfair’s audience, making her a natural extension of our fun and approachable brand.”"}
{"id": "doc2900", "text": "The Wayfair portfolio of sites includes Wayfair, Joss & Main, AllModern, Birch Lane, and Perigold."}
{"id": "doc2901", "text": "Instacart is introducing a virtual community for its customers."}
{"id": "doc2902", "text": "The on-demand grocery delivery platform is launching Shop Talk, a virtual community designed to bring shoppers and the company together. Within Shop Talk, customers will be able to discuss anything related to Instacart. This includes giving or receiving advice to and from other shoppers, asking questions of Instacart, and publicly sharing shopping experiences. "}
{"id": "doc2903", "text": "Along with discussion opportunities, shoppers can also leave direct feedback about the Instacart app in the form of “Shopper Ideas.” The ideas that receive enough upvotes from the community will be presented directly to the Instacart team on a quarterly basis for consideration to be incorporated into the app. Other features include shopper groups that enable users to discuss specific issues in a smaller setting, a collection of profiles of real Instacart shoppers called “Bravocado,” and badges that can be earned for reaching milestones such as number of posts or how much advice they have offered."}
{"id": "doc2904", "text": "Instacart shoppers are picking and packing from the aisles of tens of thousands of grocery stores across North America every day,” said Sean Twersky, senior director of operations at Instacart. “Each of those shopping experiences is an invaluable opportunity for us to listen, learn, and use feedback to develop a better shopper experience. With Shop Talk, were providing an online community where shoppers can engage with each other and the broader Instacart community."}
{"id": "doc2905", "text": "Shop Talk has been piloted with a select group of shoppers over the past several months, resulting in an active user base that Instacart says is more than triple the average for similar virtual communities. Shoppers spend an average of almost an hour a month in Shop Talk, viewing an average of more than five pages in each visit. "}
{"id": "doc2906", "text": "Along with Shop Talk, Instacart is introducing other new resources for shoppers, including the addition of new lessons to Carrot Academy, its online resource for shopper learning on relevant shopper-focused topics. These new lessons join existing subjects on picking high-quality items, making replacements, and communicating with customers. The Carrot Academy library now includes more than 15 optional lessons to help shoppers learn best practices."}
{"id": "doc2907", "text": "Instacart has also refreshed its shopper website, shoppers.instacart.com, to highlight the unique reasons shoppers choose to shop with Instacart and feature members of the shopper community who wish to share their story."}
{"id": "doc2908", "text": "Instacart delivers from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in the U.S. and Canada."}
{"id": "doc2909", "text": "A new survey from RSR Research indicates that retailers with higher sales growth are more likely to see robots as customer service tools."}
{"id": "doc2910", "text": "According to “The Real Role of Robotic Automation in Retail,” 45% of retail winners,” defined as retailers with same-store/channel sales growth above 4.5%, see improving the response process to increasing volumes of consumer inquiries (such as order status) as a top three business challenge driving them to add robotics. Only 24% of other retailers cited this challenge."}
{"id": "doc2911", "text": "Retail winners are also more likely to view customer-facing challenges such as spotting mistakes on shelf labels (39% vs. 21%), offloading some tasks from humans so they can spend more time on customers (36% vs. 33%), and retrieving products for customers in-store (24% vs. 15%) as top three business challenges driving robotics rollout."}
{"id": "doc2912", "text": "Conversely, retailers with average and below-average sales performance are more likely to view robots as tools for performing supply chain tasks such as spotting holes in inventory in stores (52% vs. 42%) and replacing humans in the warehouse (52% vs. 36%), and facilities management tasks such as cleaning and maintenance (30% vs. 21%). Interestingly, winners are twice as likely to cite improving inventory accuracy (18% vs. 9%), while other retailers were twice as likely to cite guiding customers to products in stores (12% vs. 6%)."}
{"id": "doc2913", "text": "Winners and other retailers had responses that were much more alike when asked to name the top three business challenges driving the addition of robotics in distribution centers. Similar percentages of winners and other retailers cited the need for more efficiency (94% vs. 88%), retail estate constraints (21% vs. 18%), humans making too many mistakes (18% vs. 21%). "}
{"id": "doc2914", "text": "The gap was somewhat wider for aging infrastructure repair/replacement costs (48% vs. 42%) and rising minimum wage (27% vs. 36%). The largest differences occurred in the percentage of respondents citing the need for more speed (76% vs. 55%) and difficulty finding labor (15% vs. 39%)."}
{"id": "doc2915", "text": "Across all respondents, the top three organizational inhibitors to moving forward with robotics are existing infrastructure not capable of supporting sophisticated technologies (53%), capex limitations (50%), and senior management having other priorities (44%)."}
{"id": "doc2916", "text": "RSR conducted an online survey from November-December 2019 and received answers from 66 qualified retail respondents."}
{"id": "doc2917", "text": "The CEO of Amazon is dramatically stepping up his company’s monetary commitment to sustainability."}
{"id": "doc2918", "text": "In a short Instagram post, Bezos announced the launch of the $10 billion Bezos Earth Fund. The fund, which will begin issuing grants in summer 2020, is designed to support efforts aimed at combating global climate change. "}
{"id": "doc2919", "text": "“Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet, Bezos said in the statement. “I want to work alongside others both to amplify known ways and to explore new ways of fighting the devastating impact of climate change on this planet we all share. This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world. We can save Earth. It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals.”"}
{"id": "doc2920", "text": "Amazon has been engaged in a number of initiatives designed to minimize the etail giant’s impact on the environment. In February 2020, Amazon unveiled the design of a fleet of electric delivery vans it says will eliminate 4 million tons of carbon per year by 2030. The company also plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will be its 4 million-sq.-ft. “HQ2” campus in Arlington, Va., and has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually."}
{"id": "doc2921", "text": "Amazon has received criticism that its previous sustainability initiatives did not go far enough to help counteract climate change. A group of workers called Amazon Employees for Climate Justice have publicly called for the company to do more and up to 2,000 members staged walkouts from Amazon offices and facilities around the world in September 2019. In addition, environmental group Greenpeace issued a statement accusing Bezos of hypocrisy in his latest effort."}
{"id": "doc2922", "text": "Its hypocritical to announce that climate change is the biggest threat to our planet while at the same time boosting the fossil fuel industry by providing advanced computing technologies to the oil and gas industry so that it can discover and drill more oil, more efficiently,” Greenpeace said in the statement. “Amazon also still has work to do to ensure its growing network of data centers fully shifts away from fossil fuels, and the company must transparently report its energy use as Google and Apple do.”"}
{"id": "doc2923", "text": "The investigative journalism series Frontline ran an investigative piece on Bezos and Amazon, including the company’s working conditions, use of technology and general influence on the world, on Tuesday, Feb. 18. Bezos is considered the wealthiest person on Earth, with an estimated net worth of $130 billion."}
{"id": "doc2924", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets is giving Manhattan customers seamless access to products in its Brooklyn, N.Y., store."}
{"id": "doc2925", "text": "The grocery retailer, which opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. store in Brooklyn in October 2019, is expanding the range of online delivery for the location in partnership with Instacart. Customers located in Manhattan can visit the Wegmans site or app to confirm they are within the delivery area and start shopping. With the expanded radius, delivery from the Brooklyn store is now available to all Manhattan ZIP codes. "}
{"id": "doc2926", "text": "To accommodate the longer drive times, delivery to Manhattan addresses often requires longer delivery windows, ranging between two and five hours. Customers can also shop Wegmans’ Brooklyn store on the Instacart site or app. Wegmans delivery starts at $3.99, or free for Instacart Express members, on orders of $35 or more. For delivery, Wegmans adds a price increase to items ordered to cover the cost of Instacart shopping services."}
{"id": "doc2927", "text": "“Expanding delivery into Manhattan has been on our radar since opening our Brooklyn store,” said Erica Tickle, director of e-commerce for Wegmans. “We’ve heard from customers this would make life easier for them, and with major investments in e-commerce like our new website and app, the timing couldn’t be better to make ordering favorite Wegmans brand products and fresh foods available for delivery to Manhattan.”"}
{"id": "doc2928", "text": "“By expanding our partnership to enable delivery from the Wegmans Brooklyn location into Manhattan, we’re giving New Yorkers a convenient, new way to get the groceries and household essentials they need from the grocer they love,” said Andrew Nodes, VP of retail at Instacart. “The Brooklyn store opening was a big moment for New Yorkers, especially to those who have been shopping at Wegmans outside of the city for generations.”"}
{"id": "doc2929", "text": "Partnering with Instacart, Wegmans offers online delivery across its 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc2930", "text": "A new study suggests certain products would boost spending by young consumers if they were placed in vending machines and other unattended channels. "}
{"id": "doc2931", "text": "“The Future of Unattended Retail” study from Pymnts and USA Technologies finds that millennial and Gen Z consumers are especially likely to shop unattended channels, such as vending machines and kiosks, if retailers are using them to sell non-traditional items."}
{"id": "doc2932", "text": "According to the study, 30% of overall respondents said they would buy more items, and about 25% would spend more money, if non-traditional items were offered through unattended channels. However, 35% of millennials and 29% of Gen Z would be willing to spend more if non-traditional products were offered."}
{"id": "doc2933", "text": "The vast majority of participants who expressed interest in buying non-traditional products via vending machines and kiosks said that they would be interested in purchasing health (82%) and beauty (64%) items from a vending machine or kiosk if they were to be offered today. Although every generation ranked health and beauty products highest, a leading 61% of millennials and 59% of Gen Z would be willing to buy clothing and accessories through vending machines and kiosks."}
{"id": "doc2934", "text": "Half of millennials and 48% of Gen Z would buy books from an unattended channel, and 43% of millennials and 32% of Gen Z would buy magazines. These figures lagged the percentages of Gen X, baby boomer, and senior respondents who would purchase books and/or magazines from kiosks and vending machines."}
{"id": "doc2935", "text": "The survey found that food and beverage items were named as the most popular products for vending machines and kiosks, purchased by more than half of the participants in the three months prior to the survey. "}
{"id": "doc2936", "text": "Overall, 34% of respondents prefer to pay at vending machines and kiosks using credit cards compared to 24% who prefer debit cards, with mobile payments like PayPal (10%), Apple Pay (4%) and Google Pay (2%) much lower. However, for Gen Z, mobile payment options such as Google Pay (37%) and Apple Pay (23%) rank high compared to cash (21%), debit cards (16%), and credit cards (4%). "}
{"id": "doc2937", "text": "Millennials were similarly interested in mobile payment options with 64% preferring a merchant’s mobile app, and 50% preferring Apple Pay. Nevertheless, preferences for debit cards (25%), credit cards (38%) and cash (41%) were higher than Gen Z."}
{"id": "doc2938", "text": "Other significant findings of the survey include:•    When considering what made respondents use unattended retail options in the recent past, speed of use was the most popular response across generations with 33% of Gen Z, 55% of millennials, 52% of Gen X and 42% of seniors and baby boomers ranking it a top reason. "}
{"id": "doc2939", "text": "•    Not having to talk to employees ranked highly across all generations but Gen X (27%), as 41% of Generation Z, 38% of millennials and 35% of seniors and baby boomers ranked it as an important factor. "}
{"id": "doc2940", "text": "•    37% of Gen Z ranked enjoying using new technology as important, significantly higher than the 20% of millennials, 17% of Gen X and 12% of seniors and baby boomers who said the same.•    40% of percent overall respondents noted that a key reason for unattended use was the lack of other methods for purchase."}
{"id": "doc2941", "text": "Pymnts surveyed 2,325 U.S. consumers about their experiences when shopping via unattended retail channels and their interest in using them going forward."}
{"id": "doc2942", "text": "A fast-growing activewear retailer with a celebrity connection is applying lessons learned as a pure-play e-commerce operation to its brick-and-mortar experience."}
{"id": "doc2943", "text": "“We were founded as a digitally native, member-based retailer,” said Ron Harries, head of retail, Fabletics. “We want to drive our omnichannel customers through cross-channel commerce.”"}
{"id": "doc2944", "text": "Counting actress Kate Hudson as one of its founders, Fabletics launched as an e-commerce site in 2013. In 2015, the company made its initial foray into the physical store channel. It currently has 38 North American retail stores, with the goal of opening up to 100 stores nationwide."}
{"id": "doc2945", "text": "“We tried different formats in A-plus and B-plus malls,” recalled Harries. “We tried locations with competition close by and locations with competition not there. Fabletics did better in higher-quality malls with lots of nearby competitors. It leads to there being a lot of people looking for high-quality products at a fantastic value.”"}
{"id": "doc2946", "text": "Fabletics ensures that it offers a seamless customer experience across all digital and physical platforms. The retailer is able to acquire new members in brick-and-mortar stores, as well as online."}
{"id": "doc2947", "text": "“You can shop online or in-store as a guest, membership is not required,” said Harries. “However, guests are not eligible for special discounts and perks offered to members.” "}
{"id": "doc2948", "text": "According to Harries, about 70% of in-store shoppers are represented by returning or acquiring members, with the remaining 30% consisting of guests. When Fabletics first launched retail stores, only 50% of in-store shoppers were members."}
{"id": "doc2949", "text": "To ensure that both members and guests have a consistently seamless shopping experience when visiting a brick-and-mortar store, Fabletics has developed and deployed OmniSuite, a proprietary, cloud-based enterprise retail platform. OmniSuite combines e-commerce, POS and order management solutions with back-office systems, in an effort to bridge the gap between in-store and online operations and experience. "}
{"id": "doc2950", "text": "“Anything in the store can be bought online and vice versa,” explained Harries. “We have iPads outside and inside the fitting rooms running a solution called OmniShop that allows everything that goes into the fitting room to be scanned into a cart, which allows us to track what goes in and is then purchased or not purchased. It also provides real-time awareness of what the customer tries on, so we can compile data for actionable points. "}
{"id": "doc2951", "text": "“It’s an opportunity to interact with customers in a way that avoids the awkward moment of an associate either standing right outside the fitting room door or not being attentive enough,” Harries continued. “Associates interact when the customer wants them to.”"}
{"id": "doc2952", "text": "By scanning fitting room items into an online cart, Fabletics also enables shoppers to save items they decide not to buy. They can then log into their member account to purchase goods later, as well as search the retailer’s complete online inventory for desired products in different sizes and colors."}
{"id": "doc2953", "text": "The OmniSuite platform and its applications enable Fabletics to deliver personalized service with a 360-degree view of customer transactions and interactions across all channels. The retailer is not limited to deploying OmniSuite inside its own brick-and-mortar stores."}
{"id": "doc2954", "text": "“We can roll OmniSuite out anywhere there is secure WiFi or cell service,” said Harries. “We have done pop-ups, or could do an activation at an office.”"}
{"id": "doc2955", "text": "EXPANSION: As part of its aggressive store expansion, Fabletics is also changing store design to create a more appealing and customer-centric environment."}
{"id": "doc2956", "text": "“The original store design was on the dark side,” said Harries. “We wanted to add technology and atmospheric elements. Atmosphere matters, we call it ‘lit and fit’ — great lighting and open atmosphere with great music and aware associates.” "}
{"id": "doc2957", "text": "Specific ongoing changes to the retailer’s store design include a lighter color palette and a more open fitting room experience, as well as the addition of in-store technology. The numbers back up the value of Fabletics’ effort to transform its entire brick-and-mortar experience. Comparable store sales rose 34% in 2019 compared to 2017-18. Traffic conversion increased 15% during that period, and overall traffic also rose. "}
{"id": "doc2958", "text": "One more omnichannel service Fabletics offers in its stores is seamless returns of online purchases for members."}
{"id": "doc2959", "text": "“Each item has what we call a license plate number (LPN) linked to a specific member transaction,” said Harries. “We can get historical data on the purchase from the member account by scanning the LPN, so there is no need for a receipt.”"}
{"id": "doc2960", "text": "Walmart Inc. is discontinuing Jet black, its text-based, personal-shopping service."}
{"id": "doc2961", "text": "Launched in May 2018 as the first business to go live from Walmart tech incubator Store No.8, Jet black allowed members, who paid a $50 monthly fee, to order items over the phone via text message, with products delivered the same or next day for no extra charge. It also gave members access to personal shoppers who offered gift recommendations if requested and such perks as gift wrapping. While some everyday essentials were sourced from Walmart and Jet.com, other items and specialty products sold via Jet black were procured from local brands and specialty shops."}
{"id": "doc2962", "text": "In a corporate blog post, Scott Eckert, senior VP of next generation retail of Walmart and head of Store No. 8, said Jet black will “graduate” to join Walmart’s customer organization. What this actually means is Walmart will shut down Jet black as a standalone offering. But the discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to order via text and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc2963", "text": "“As we said in the beginning when we launched Jet black, part of the initiative was to start testing and building technology with the intent that it could be used in other ways, including applying it to other parts of our business,” Eckert said in the blog post. “Over the past few years, we’ve explored a number of areas in conversational commerce, from Jet black’s text-based ordering to voice ordering in pickup and delivery, all with the belief that this technology will be an important way Walmart serves customers in the future.”"}
{"id": "doc2964", "text": "According to CNBC, Jet black on Thursday notified customers via email and texts that it would no longer accept new orders, but would fulfill pending ones. It also said it would refund all customers their most recent $50 monthly membership fee. Walmart was reportedly losing $15,000 per month on the service.  "}
{"id": "doc2965", "text": "A grocery giant wants to ensure CPG companies understand the full impact of their digital ad campaigns."}
{"id": "doc2966", "text": "The Kroger Precision Marketing (KPM) division of The Kroger Co. is expanding the campaign insight capabilities available to CPG brands running marketing campaigns through its digital platform. KPM is rolling out a new capability, supported by the Microsoft PromoteIQ commerce marketing platform, which enables brands to track in-store and online sales results attributed to specific advertising campaigns running across Kroger’s digital properties. Kroger says it applies only 100%-verified transactions from both in-store and online customers."}
{"id": "doc2967", "text": "Leveraging PromoteIQ, which currently supports a variety of sponsored product ads on Kroger websites and mobile apps, the retailer utilized its customer loyalty program and data science from KPM to provide a clear link between online browsing and offline shopping behavior. Whether a purchase is made in-store with cash or online via credit card, brands are now able to track shopper impact of their ad campaigns all the way through to purchase. "}
{"id": "doc2968", "text": "As a result, Kroger intends to allow CPG marketers to better understand campaign performance and optimize media investment against true return on ad spend. "}
{"id": "doc2969", "text": "“The digital advertising world is plagued with inaccurate data,” stated Cara Pratt, VP, commercial and product strategy for Kroger Precision Marketing at Kroger’s 84.51° data analytics organization. “It has forced marketers to ask tough questions about their media choices. KPM has vowed to be a transparent and accountable media partner to CPGs and Microsoft PromoteIQ has been an important addition for us to do that. We have the best data, the right expertise, and the tools to measure business impact.”"}
{"id": "doc2970", "text": "America’s largest auto retailer stays connected with customers in a very direct way."}
{"id": "doc2971", "text": "Auto Nation Inc. is expanding its Connected Car program to additional markets. The retailer supports the program, which is powered by an in-vehicle adapter and app, with technology from Automatic Labs, a SiriusXM company. It allows customers to have in-vehicle access to safety services such as a crash alert service, as well as timed vehicle health notifications."}
{"id": "doc2972", "text": "Automatics Dealer Insights platform and customized analytics deliver daily reports to AutoNation, including information such as lists of customers with active recalls, engine light check alerts, service recommendations, and various data points about the health and performance of customer vehicles. AutoNation uses this data to send targeted communications to its customers specific to their vehicles service and maintenance needs."}
{"id": "doc2973", "text": "Initially, AutoNation launched the Connected Car program at five stores in April 2019. Since launch, the retailer says 97% of customers who activated at point-of-sale remain engaged with Automatic month over month. In turn, AutoNation has benefitted from higher retention of customers vehicle maintenance and service business."}
{"id": "doc2974", "text": "Following the successful launch of the AutoNation Connected Car Program, we are excited to expand the program in additional markets across the country. Our customers have recognized and appreciated the value of Automatic, and now we will be delivering that value to many more customers, said Marc Cannon, executive VP and chief marketing officer at AutoNation."}
{"id": "doc2975", "text": "eBay is officially out of the online ticket resale business, to the tune of $4 billion."}
{"id": "doc2976", "text": "The e-commerce company has completed the $4.05 billion USD sale of its StubHub subsidiary to Swiss online ticket marketplace Viagogo. The companies entered a definitive sale agreement in November 2019, and the sale occurred within the expected timeframe."}
{"id": "doc2977", "text": "Viagogo is a worldwide ticket marketplace for live sport, music and entertainment events, and StubHub is a ticket marketplace in the U.S. Combined, these marketplaces will sell hundreds of thousands of tickets daily across more than 70 countries. Eric Baker, Viagogo’s founder and CEO, also co-founded StubHub, but left before the business was sold to eBay for $310 million in 2007."}
{"id": "doc2978", "text": "The completed sale of StubHub to Viagogo is a great outcome both in terms of the $4.05 billion sale price and the potential StubHub has with its new owner, said Scott Schenkel, interim CEO of eBay Inc. The StubHub transaction reinforces our commitment to creating shareholder value and is consistent with other steps we have taken such as margin improvement, share buybacks and issuing dividends. We are operating with discipline and focus, improving financial performance and delivering improved customer experiences. On behalf of the eBay team, were excited to see how StubHub evolves in its next phase and benefits fans, partners and employees."}
{"id": "doc2979", "text": "The completion of this transaction results in net proceeds of $3.1 billion. With the divestiture of StubHub complete, eBay now expects net revenue between $2.31 billion and $2.36 billion in the first quarter of 2020, reflecting the impact of removing StubHub. The company now expects GAAP earnings per diluted share in the range of $0.54 - $0.57 and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the range of $0.72 - $0.75. The increase versus previous guidance reflects the benefit of share buybacks and investment timing, partially offset by the impact of removing StubHub."}
{"id": "doc2980", "text": "For the full year 2020, eBay now expects net revenue between $9.56 billion and $9.76 billion, reflecting the impact of removing StubHub. The company now expects GAAP earnings per diluted share in the range of $2.20 - $2.30 and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the range of $3.00 - $3.10. The increase versus previous guidance reflects the benefit of share buybacks, partially offset by the impact of removing StubHub."}
{"id": "doc2981", "text": "A vertical retailer of snowboarding products is streamlining front- and back-end operations using iPhones."}
{"id": "doc2982", "text": "Burton Snowboards is implementing the NewStore omnichannel platform in all of its 70 global stores. The NewStore platform unifies order management, checkout, “endless aisle” inventory access, and clienteling for iPhone access, with direct integration into Salesforce Commerce Cloud. "}
{"id": "doc2983", "text": "As a result, Burton will be able to seamlessly manage e-commerce, CRM, transactions, store operations, and inventory using iPhones. The company intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app. "}
{"id": "doc2984", "text": "“Burton is consumer-centric. We sustainably design, strategically manufacture and extensively test all products with our customers and the snowboard lifestyle in mind,” said Josee Larocque, senior VP, Operations, Burton Snowboards. “When it comes to our brand experience, it’s no different. We’re working on a complete digital transformation for 2020, and launching the NewStore platform is a critical piece of this journey. On the mountain or off, our customers will have the best experience possible.”"}
{"id": "doc2985", "text": "Cybercriminals are evolving their techniques for breaking into computer networks."}
{"id": "doc2986", "text": "According to the IBM X-Force Threat Intelligence Index 2020 from IBM Security, 60% of initial entries into victims’ networks that were observed leveraged either previously stolen credentials or known software vulnerabilities. This allowed attackers to rely less on deception to gain access."}
{"id": "doc2987", "text": "The index highlighted several contributing factors to this growing cyberattack trend. They included a significant increase in the percentage of incidents stemming from hackers scanning and exploiting vulnerabilities in software to 30% in 2019 from 8% in 2018. The use of previously stolen credentials also gained ground as a preferred point-of-entry, responsible for 29% of observed incidents in 2019. Meanwhile, phishing attacks designed to steal new credentials dropped to 31% of observed incidents in 2019 from more than half in 2018."}
{"id": "doc2988", "text": "Just in 2019, the report states more than 8.5 billion records were compromised—resulting in a 200% increase in exposed data reported year-over-year and adding to the growing number of stolen credentials that cybercriminals can use as their source material."}
{"id": "doc2989", "text": "Retail has jumped to the second most attacked industry in this year’s report, in a very close race with financial services which remained at the top for the fourth year in a row. Magecart attacks are among the most prominent attacks observed against retail, impacting a reported 80 e-commerce sites in the summer of 2019."}
{"id": "doc2990", "text": "Other key highlights from the index include:"}
{"id": "doc2991", "text": "• The report shows an uptick in ransomware activity in 2019, with IBM X-Force deploying its incident response team to ransomware incidents in 13 different industries worldwide. However, IBM X-Force saw significant attacks against retail, manufacturing and transportation, which IBM analysis indicates are known to either hold a surplus of monetizable data or rely on outdated technology and, thus, face the vulnerability sprawl."}
{"id": "doc2992", "text": "• IBM’s analysis found that of the more than 8.5 billion breached records reported in 2019, 7 billion of those, or over 85%, were due to misconfigured cloud servers and other improperly configured systems, a departure from 2018 when these records made up less than half of total records."}
{"id": "doc2993", "text": "• IBM observed a “squatting” trend in phishing campaigns, where attackers impersonate consumer brands to trick users into clicking malicious links in phishing attempts. Nearly 60% of the top 10 spoofed brands identified were Google and YouTube domains, while Apple (15%) and Amazon (12%) domains were also spoofed by attackers looking to steal users’ monetizable data."}
{"id": "doc2994", "text": "IBM X-Force conducted its analysis based on insights and observations from monitoring 70 billion security events per day in more than 130 countries. In addition, data is gathered and analyzed from multiple sources including X-Force IRIS, X-Force Red, IBM Managed Security Services, and publicly disclosed data breach information. IBM X-Force also runs thousands of spam traps around the world and monitors tens of millions of spam and phishing attacks daily while analyzing billions of web pages and images to detect fraudulent activity and brand abuse. "}
{"id": "doc2995", "text": "Daily’s is creating a more personalized, integrated loyalty experience."}
{"id": "doc2996", "text": "The convenience store retailer, which operates 36 stores in eastern Florida, is upgrading its loyalty program with the Paytronix platform. Daily’s new loyalty program is the first step in a broader plan to enhance customer experience through updated technology. The Paytronix platform will replace an older RFID- and fob-based system currently in place. "}
{"id": "doc2997", "text": "The new loyalty program will enable the Daily’s marketing team to create customized offers for its customers and features both a mobile app and integration with the NCR Radiant RPOS system. Paytronix uses artificial intelligence to support proprietary algorithms that find the right offer for an individual and deliver it at the proper time to motivate the next visit."}
{"id": "doc2998", "text": "“Our customers love our loyalty program but transitioning to a more modern platform will allow us to give them even more benefits and opportunities,” said Max Glober, Daily’s director of marketing. “We plan to offer our Daily’s Rewards members special pricing, club rewards and sweepstakes, as well as higher-tiered rewards for our most loyal customers. We’ll also surprise and delight our members with random rewards and will focus on driving growth toward our more unique items like our proprietary food offerings.”"}
{"id": "doc2999", "text": "Ahold Delhaize USA’s online grocery delivery service is closing a regional division to expand its position on the East Coast."}
{"id": "doc3000", "text": "Peapod is shuttering its Midwest division, which comprises $97 million of its total $1.1 billion of online revenue in the U.S. Effective Feb. 18, 2020, service for customers placing online grocery delivery orders in Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin will be discontinued. There will be no changes for customers in any other markets Peapod currently serves."}
{"id": "doc3001", "text": "As a result, Ahold Delhaize will lay off approximately 500 employees in the Chicago, Indianapolis and Milwaukee markets and close a distribution center and food preparation facility in Lake Zurich, Ill., distribution facilities in Chicago, Milwaukee, and Indianapolis, and a pick-up point in Palatine, Ill. Laid-off employees will be able to apply for other roles with Ahold Delhaize USA companies and eligible workers will be offered severance and transition support services. "}
{"id": "doc3002", "text": "Headquarters for the Peapod Digital Labs technology group will remain in Chicago. Ahold Delhaize plans to roll out a new proprietary e-commerce platform for its U.S. brands which was developed by Peapod Digital Labs."}
{"id": "doc3003", "text": "“This was a difficult decision given Peapod’s rich history in the Midwest,” said Kevin Holt, CEO, Ahold Delhaize USA. “As we’ve previously shared, to continue our strong track record of sales growth and market share gains, we are accelerating our growth and expanding the leadership positions of our businesses in our East Coast markets. This move will enable us to fully focus on markets where we have strong store density, leading market share, and a longstanding heritage of customer loyalty.”  Ahold Delhaize expects no significant impact to reported operating profits or free cash flow and said this announcement does not impact its commitment to its previously stated goal of 30% U.S. e-commerce growth in 2020."}
{"id": "doc3004", "text": "An independent consumer electronics retailer is bolstering e-commerce security with artificial intelligence (AI)."}
{"id": "doc3005", "text": "Micro Center is leveraging the AI-driven Identity Trust Global Network fraud management solution from Kount. The solution’s user experience engine enables automated decisions and reduces manual reviews while providing flexibility to refine customer interaction policies. Linking 2.7 billion fraud signals per interaction, it is designed to establish a real-time level of trust for each identity behind every interaction, including payments, account creation, and login events."}
{"id": "doc3006", "text": "In addition, the solution’s self-service analytics provide Micro Center with insight into customer behavior and trends to detect complex fraud and segment a customer base to personalize user experiences and model potential outcomes. "}
{"id": "doc3007", "text": "“By creating personalized user experiences with Kount’s Identity Trust Global Network, we were able to increase our online sales by more than 30%,” said Skip Myers, director of loss prevention at Micro Center. “Meanwhile, we dropped our chargeback rates by more than 75%, down to 0.21%. But, I cannot have the mindset that all I do is stop fraud. Fraud management has evolved to enabling us to increase the number of orders we accept, improving customer experiences, and building trust.”"}
{"id": "doc3008", "text": "Health-and-wellness retailer GNC Holdings Inc. is also deploying AI-based fraud prevention technology from Kount. GNC utilizes Kount’s supervised machine learning capabilities to help detect possibly fraudulent linkages and anomalies faster and better than human judgment alone."}
{"id": "doc3009", "text": "Privately-owned Micro Center is based in Columbus, Ohio and operates 25 stores across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc3010", "text": "A scrapped acquisition of online shaving products retailer Harry’s Inc. is reportedly leading to a lawsuit."}
{"id": "doc3011", "text": "According to the Connecticut Post, Edgewell Personal Care Company (the parent company of Schick’s) is abandoning its proposed $1.37 billion purchase of Harry’s. Edgewell’s decision comes in the wake of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issuing a complaint alleging that the proposed combination would eliminate one of the most important competitive forces in the shaving industry."}
{"id": "doc3012", "text": "In a Feb. 10 analyst call, Edgewell CEO Rod Little said the company is “disappointed” by and disagrees with the FTC’s action, but has decided to terminate the merger agreement with Harry’s due to uncertainty about the outcome of a court case and the time and money that would be required. Little told analysts there is no merit to any legal complaint filed by Harry’s."}
{"id": "doc3013", "text": "Daniel Francis, deputy director of the FTC competition bureau, released a statement supporting Edgewell’s decision to drop the merger."}
{"id": "doc3014", "text": "“For years, Edgewell and Procter & Gamble faced little competition on store shelves, and prices rose steadily as a result,” said Francis. “The arrival of Harry’s into brick-and-mortar retail disrupted that pattern, bringing lower prices and more options to consumers. Allowing Edgewell to bring that disruptor under control by acquiring Harry’s would have represented a big step back for competition.”"}
{"id": "doc3015", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc3016", "text": "A new study suggests Instacart has a broad positive impact on the U.S. grocery sector."}
{"id": "doc3017", "text": "Research by Dr. Robert Kulick of NERA Economic Consulting finds that by creating additional customer demand for grocery stores, Instacart has driven an increase of more than $620 million in revenue and over 23,000 jobs in the grocery sector in California, New York, Illinois, and Washington."}
{"id": "doc3018", "text": "Data indicates the entry and expansion of Instacart into local markets acts as an economic complement to grocery store employment, which the study refers to as “The Instacart Effect.” This brings incremental business to the store while creating an e-commerce footprint for retailers. "}
{"id": "doc3019", "text": "On average, Instacarts entry into a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), is associated with a 4% increase in retail grocery employment there, as grocers add employees to support the increased business at their store. These roles are direct employees of grocery stores and include jobs such as cashiers, stocking associates, and deli counter clerks, among others. "}
{"id": "doc3020", "text": "The results indicate that the magnitude of The Instacart Effect is statistically equivalent for each state. Thus, the findings suggest that The Instacart Effect is a national phenomenon. "}
{"id": "doc3021", "text": "At the state level, the study finds: •    In California, The Instacart Effect created over 11,500 additional jobs and $337 million in incremental revenue.•    In Illinois, The Instacart Effect created over 3,400 jobs and $75 million in incremental revenue. •    In New York, The Instacart Effect created over 6,600 jobs and $154 million in incremental revenue.•    In Washington, The Instacart Effect created over 1,900 jobs and $56 million in incremental revenue. "}
{"id": "doc3022", "text": "Today in the U.S., grocery is almost a $1 trillion industry — but its only now going through its first big wave of tech innovation, said Nilam Ganenthiran, president of Instacart. While weve long seen in our own internal data that Instacart can incrementally boost retail partner sales between 50% to 80%, this study shows that when Instacart enters a market the tides turn and The Instacart Effect drives meaningful job creation and increased revenue for the grocery industry."}
{"id": "doc3023", "text": "The study, conducted by Dr. Robert Kulick of NERA Economic Consulting, is based on the results of three distinct statistical models, with multiple statistical techniques applied to each model to rule out alternative explanations for the relationship. Seven falsification — or placebo — tests were applied to the results of each model."}
{"id": "doc3024", "text": "Makers & Finders is making payment frictionless."}
{"id": "doc3025", "text": "The Las Vegas-based local coffee shop chain is leveraging the Fiserv Clover POS platform to offer a scan to pay option. Using an iPhone and Apple Pay, customers can scan a Clover-generated QR code at the bottom of their receipt with their iPhone camera to pay their restaurant bill and tip with Apple Pay. "}
{"id": "doc3026", "text": "A customer must authorize every transaction with Face ID or Touch ID on their iPhone. Servers know the guest has paid because the bill shows as paid instantly on all the restaurant’s devices. Additionally, customers have access to their restaurant bill on their phone. No additional app download is needed."}
{"id": "doc3027", "text": "“As a high-volume restaurant, we wanted a more efficient way for our guests to pay,” said Josh Molina, owner of Makers & Finders. “Since we began using scan to pay with Clover Dining, we have been able to offer a more seamless payment experience to our guests, turning more tables while giving guests a ‘wow’ experience as they pay for their meal.”"}
{"id": "doc3028", "text": "Retailers deemed worthy by Pinterest will receive extra promotion on the site."}
{"id": "doc3029", "text": "Pinterest is launching a verified merchant program it says will help users “discover and buy from trustworthy brands.” Retailers that are accepted into the program will have their products eligible for distribution within dedicated Pinterest shopping features such as Shop the Look pins or related product carousels. "}
{"id": "doc3030", "text": "Verified merchants will get “Verified” badges on their profile and product pins. Their product pins will also show product availability and pricing info. Other front-end benefits will include a special shop tab on their profile that makes it easier for users to see what they sell."}
{"id": "doc3031", "text": "On the back end, verified merchants will receive early access to our the Pinterest insights tool, which helps measure the total sales impact of paid and organic pins."}
{"id": "doc3032", "text": "According to Pinterest, 97% of the top searches on the social media platform are non-branded and 83% of Pinterest users have made a purchase based on content from brands on the site."}
{"id": "doc3033", "text": "Pinterest is rolling out its verified merchant program as part of a broader push to become a full-fledged e-commerce site. In July 2019, the visually-oriented social network began offering personalized shopping hubs at the top of users’ home feeds, as well as an updated shopping section allowing users to browse entire product catalogs and click directly to the checkout page on the retailer’s site if they would like to purchase a pinned item."}
{"id": "doc3034", "text": "In March 2019, Pinterest rolled out “Shop a brand,” a new dedicated section from retailers beneath product pins. Pinterest is also now offering personalized shopping recommendations alongside style, home, beauty, and DIY boards."}
{"id": "doc3035", "text": "Subway is directly integrating digital orders from on-demand delivery providers into in-store POS systems."}
{"id": "doc3036", "text": "The fast-food retailer is enabling its network of more than 20,000 franchised U.S. restaurants to directly process and integrate orders originating from third-party destinations through the Olo Rails platform. Orders are unified on Olo’s platform and sent directly into the store’s POS system via two-way integration. "}
{"id": "doc3037", "text": "As a result, Subway can help ensure accurate pricing and menu listings on third-party marketplaces and accept third-party sales without the need to manage multiple tablets on the restaurant counter and disparate order flows. The Rails solution also includes a price updater which allows retailers to set and adjust pricing for each marketplace they work with, which is then syndicated out to partners. And an automated menu export service alerts delivery partners when menu changes are made."}
{"id": "doc3038", "text": "“The integration of our systems to the Olo platform went very smoothly, allowing us to vastly improve restaurant operations at thousands of our locations – and without having to build or manage separate integrations for each of our third-party marketplace partners,” said Rob Tedesco, VP of digital and consumer technology at Subway."}
{"id": "doc3039", "text": "A casual-dining chain is utilizing a tool that measures how much online Yelp activity helps drive customers to stores."}
{"id": "doc3040", "text": "Denny’s is leveraging Yelp Store Visits (YSV), a new first-party attribution tool from the local business discovery app. Through opt-in location information at scale and other signals that users provide when engaging with Yelp, YSV makes it easier for Denny’s to measure the extent to which Yelp ads are driving customers into its stores. YSV determines the cost-per-visit attributable to Yelp advertising, which Denny’s hopes will enable it to better calculate its return on ad spend with the platform."}
{"id": "doc3041", "text": " Ahead of the official launch of YSV, Denny’s ran a pilot program of the tracking tool with Yelp, assisted by its media agency Spark Foundry."}
{"id": "doc3042", "text": "“We are always looking for new ways to reach our consumers and, given Yelp’s dominance in the industry, we sought a partnership to help us drive more customers to our restaurants,” said Erik Jensen, VP of brand engagement, Denny’s. “We’ve been working with Yelp since 2015, but decided we wanted to take things to the next level when we learned about Yelp Store Visits. YSV has helped us to truly understand the impact of our ad dollars and ensure we’re leveraging the right strategy. We look forward to continuing our partnership in 2020 and uncovering even more valuable ways to attract more customers to Dennys.”"}
{"id": "doc3043", "text": "“National and multi-location brands are looking for sophisticated products to help them drive ad performance, demonstrate ROI on their campaigns, and better tell their story in an increasingly noisy digital landscape,” said Tom Foran, Yelp’s senior vice president of national sales. “By utilizing Store Visits, brands are able to target their new or seasonal product offerings to a hyper-local audience and know the impact of their marketing campaigns on driving consumers into stores.”"}
{"id": "doc3044", "text": "A leading pet retailer is boosting its analytical capabilities across channels."}
{"id": "doc3045", "text": "Pet Supplies Plus is partnering with Nielsen Global Connect in a long-term analytic relationship. Under this agreement, Nielsen Global Connect will be the exclusive analytic collaborator with access to Pet Supplies Pluss in-store, e-commerce and key account data. "}
{"id": "doc3046", "text": "Nielsen Global Connect will gain measurement into over 500 Pet Supplies Plus stores. Through the data, Pet Supplies Plus seeks to gain an enhanced understanding of todays pet consumer landscape to support its next decade of growth."}
{"id": "doc3047", "text": "Understanding our consumer is a top priority as we navigate todays quick-moving and evolving omnichannel landscape, said Derek Panfil, chief merchandise and marketing officer at Pet Supplies Plus. Nielsen Global Connect is the most prominent source of data within the U.S. pet market and as we grow our presence both instore and online, we look to Nielsens strength in omnichannel measurement to inform our daily data-driven decisions."}
{"id": "doc3048", "text": "The U.S. pet retail channel continues to thrive and winning pet retailers like Pet Supplies Plus are leaning heavily into data and analytics to stay one step ahead, said Raha Alavi, senior VP of Retail Services at Nielsen Global Connect. As we shape a smarter market for the pet industry at large, we are proud to welcome Pet Supplies Plus to the Nielsen Global Connect measurement universe."}
{"id": "doc3049", "text": "In 2019, Nielsen Global Connect launched Nielsen Total U.S. Pet Retail, which offers a combined and inclusive view into more than 10,000 pet stores, including specialty, non-specialty, regional chains, independent stores, military commissary, grocery, and mass-market stores across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc3050", "text": "A new platform-agnostic study from eBay Inc. reveals specific benefits for small-to-mid-sized businesses (SMBs) who sell via online marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc3051", "text": "According to the eBay Global Marketplace Index (GMI), more than four in 10 (44%) U.S. SMBs say that selling through online marketplaces allows them to keep their physical stores open. When respondents were asked how the additional income from selling through marketplaces has helped them, 23% responded that they were able to reinvest in their communities. This percentage rose to 33% among SMBs with annual marketplace sales greater than $200,000."}
{"id": "doc3052", "text": "Almost eight in 10 (77%) respondents said the income from building an online business gives them financial security. This figure reached almost nine in 10 (89%) among respondents who are physical store owners. About half (48%) of respondents have been able to get out of debt using the money they make from marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc3053", "text": "Other notable findings include:"}
{"id": "doc3054", "text": "The GMI identifies five (5) universal dimensions as drivers of empowerment – lifestyle impact, financial security, financial growth, marketplace tools, and business environment. To quantify performance within these dimensions, 2,500 small online business owners were surveyed across five countries (U.S., U.K., Germany, Australia, and South Korea). Each dimension is equally weighed at 20 points, resulting in a maximum index score of 100 points."}
{"id": "doc3055", "text": "Each country scored above 80 in the GMI, with 85% of small business owners around the world saying their online business gives them freedom or flexibility and more than 77% saying their online business gives them confidence or control. GMI scores for each country are as follows:"}
{"id": "doc3056", "text": "Country"}
{"id": "doc3057", "text": "United States"}
{"id": "doc3058", "text": "Australia"}
{"id": "doc3059", "text": "United Kingdom"}
{"id": "doc3060", "text": "Germany"}
{"id": "doc3062", "text": "GMI Score"}
{"id": "doc3063", "text": "88.4"}
{"id": "doc3064", "text": "84.3"}
{"id": "doc3065", "text": "83.4"}
{"id": "doc3066", "text": "82.1"}
{"id": "doc3067", "text": "80.2"}
{"id": "doc3068", "text": "To create the GMI, eBay commissioned leading market research firm Euromonitor International."}
{"id": "doc3069", "text": "Dating apps are not the only reason consumers turn to their phones as Valentine’s Day approaches. "}
{"id": "doc3070", "text": "Data from mobile marketing firm Adjust indicates that globally, mobile sessions and in-app revenue events peaked on Monday, Feb. 3, which the company says suggests the Valentine’s Day shopping season starts earlier than many retailers realize. Compared to the global average, shoppers in the U.S. are big spenders. Data reveals the U.S. bump in holiday-related spending went into full swing on Wednesday, Feb. 5, nine days before Valentine’s Day. This resulted in a 42% increase for in-app revenue events compared to the monthly average."}
{"id": "doc3071", "text": "Based on these results, Adjust recommends marketers start mobile holiday campaigns and efforts at least two weeks before Valentine’s Day, to acquire and engage shoppers on mobile and in-app. "}
{"id": "doc3072", "text": "Adjust data also demonstrates that in-app activity increases by 11% on Valentine’s Day (Feb. 14), compared to the rest of the month of February. In particular, food and drink apps see a 20% increase on Valentine’s Day. "}
{"id": "doc3073", "text": "JDA Software Inc. is taking off with a new name to better align with its focus on cloud transformation."}
{"id": "doc3074", "text": "The retail and supply chain enterprise software provider changed its name to Blue Yonder, effective Feb. 11. The rebrand comes with a new trademarked tagline, “Fulfill Your Potential,” which the company says reflects its mission to empower every organization and person on the planet to fulfill their potential."}
{"id": "doc3075", "text": "JDA acquired Blue Yonder, a provider of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) supply chain and retail solutions, in August 2018. The company said that evolving the JDA brand and name to Blue Yonder also further supports the impact of AI and ML technologies across the supply chain, logistics and retail markets. Blue Yonder’s AI/ML technology powers the company’s Luminate end-to-end digital fulfillment platform."}
{"id": "doc3076", "text": "Over the next two months, the company will transition from JDA and roll out the new Blue Yonder brand identity to its global offices, customers, partners, associates and investors, including a new website at blueyonder.com to be launched in Q1 2020. A brand marketing and advertising campaign will launch the new Blue Yonder brand beginning in Q2 and throughout 2020."}
{"id": "doc3077", "text": "“Today, we are going all-in on blue. As the new Blue Yonder, our name now powerfully reflects the transparent, open culture we have built and the endless possibilities and frontiers that are in front of us. I look forward to working with our 5,300 brand ambassadors to build the world’s best digital fulfillment platform, company and culture with the hashtag #offwego binding us together,” said Kevin Iaquinto, chief marketing officer, Blue Yonder. “Our new brand fully embodies who we are now, a united company with one simple goal: to provide endless innovation and continuous improvement that fully allows our associates, customers and partners to fulfill their potential.”"}
{"id": "doc3078", "text": "Toronto-based coffee chain Tim Hortons is expanding its Tims Rewards U.S. loyalty program."}
{"id": "doc3079", "text": "On Wednesday, Feb. 26, Tims Rewards will evolve to a points-based program and provide members with access to additional menu items not offered in the current program. Members will earn 10 points per eligible purchase and rewards will be unlocked starting at 60 points, with more valuable menu items awarded on a gradual scale up to 240 points."}
{"id": "doc3080", "text": "The retailer is also transitioning its loyalty program to a mobile-only offering. As of March 10, physical cards will no longer be supported in the U.S. and members will not be able to redeem rewards or earn points using a physical card. Through the mobile app, members will be able to select a desired rewards level and can then redeem their points or select to bank points in the mobile app to save them for up to a year. If members don’t choose a reward level, the default will be a free coffee or tea after earning 80 points."}
{"id": "doc3081", "text": "Members who access their Tims Rewards account through the mobile app and have selected a reward level will be able to unlock exclusive benefits and receive a reward on their birthday. On Feb. 26, already-participating members will receive 90 points for every banked reward, 10 points for every visit they have accumulated up to that point, and an additional 20 points."}
{"id": "doc3082", "text": "Founded as a single location in Canada in 1964, Tim Hortons has more than 4,800 systemwide restaurants located in Canada, the U.S. and around the world."}
{"id": "doc3083", "text": "Stride Rite is making its Fit Zone by Stride Rite digital fitting solution available at select Dillard’s stores."}
{"id": "doc3084", "text": "Fit Zone by Stride Rite features a proprietary 3-D foot scanner the retailer says can collect 10 data points on a child’s feet in less than 10 seconds. The scanner then produces an accurate 3-D model of the child’s feet which an associate uses to help find the correct size and style of shoe. "}
{"id": "doc3085", "text": "“The expansion of the Fit Zone by Stride Rite in Dillards provides the opportunity for more consumers to experience Stride Rites cutting-edge technology,” said Alex Dillard, president of Dillards. We are pleased to join our long-time partner Stride Rite to launch the Fit Zone by Stride Rite. This is yet another way we are providing premium customer experiences at Dillards – even for our youngest customers."}
{"id": "doc3086", "text": "The Fit Zone by Stride Rite is now available at 10 Dillards locations in Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas."}
{"id": "doc3087", "text": "Dillard’s operates 259 stores and 30 clearance centers spanning 29 states. Stride Rite is distributed throughout the U.S. via specialty retailers, independent and department stores, and online."}
{"id": "doc3088", "text": "A well-known consumer electronics chain beats Amazon and Walmart when it comes to share of Google page one results."}
{"id": "doc3089", "text": "According to a study of Q4 2019 Google search results from Searchmetrics, Bestbuy.com is the most visible website in Google page one results when people search for consumer electronics topics such as computers, laptops, video and mobile phones. Bestbuy.com holds 28% of market share for Google page one results."}
{"id": "doc3090", "text": "This is more than twice second place-holder Amazon.com (13%). Walmart.com (8%), Newegg.com (6%) and Costco.com (4%) rounded out the top five retailer results. Interestingly, the website for cable news channel CNN beat out Costco.com with a 5% share in the consumer electronics search category."}
{"id": "doc3091", "text": "For specific mobile phone-related searches, T-mobile.com took first place with 28% share of Google page one results, easily beating second-place Bestbuy.com (13%). Amazon.com (11%), Gearbest.com (10.5%), and ATT.com (10%) followed."}
{"id": "doc3092", "text": "The study also suggests that retailers who sell consumer electronics should target videos, images, Google Shopping ads, and other features or widgets (known collectively as SERP features) that Google regularly integrates directly into its page one search results. "}
{"id": "doc3093", "text": "SERP Feature"}
{"id": "doc3094", "text": "Mobile"}
{"id": "doc3095", "text": "Desktop"}
{"id": "doc3096", "text": "Videos"}
{"id": "doc3097", "text": "76%"}
{"id": "doc3098", "text": "41%"}
{"id": "doc3099", "text": "Images"}
{"id": "doc3100", "text": "60%"}
{"id": "doc3101", "text": "62%"}
{"id": "doc3102", "text": "Related Questions"}
{"id": "doc3103", "text": "88%"}
{"id": "doc3104", "text": "89%"}
{"id": "doc3105", "text": "Google Shopping Ads"}
{"id": "doc3106", "text": "63%"}
{"id": "doc3107", "text": "64%"}
{"id": "doc3108", "text": "AMP"}
{"id": "doc3109", "text": "97%"}
{"id": "doc3110", "text": "N/A"}
{"id": "doc3111", "text": "AMP (accelerated mobile pages) is a Google-backed system that lets websites create faster loading pages, initially introduced to help news and media sites create a user-friendly mobile experience. AMP can be displayed in a variety of ways including in news carousels and other designated spaces in search results. "}
{"id": "doc3112", "text": "“The top retail sites are estimated to average around 66% transactional traffic, compared with only 34% traffic from informational searches. It can be important for e-commerce-focused sites to attract ‘top of the funnel’ informational traffic from people who may be searching for background information ahead of making a purchase decision,” said Tyson Stockton, director of services, Searchmetrics. “Creating informative content to address these types of queries should be an important part of retailers’ content marketing strategies. This content can be targeted toward expanding existing category pages or through related topics in editorial sections of the site.”"}
{"id": "doc3113", "text": "Searchmetrics analyzed Google’s US search results for 1,000 keywords related to consumer electronics topics in Q4 2019."}
{"id": "doc3114", "text": "Actress Gywneth Paltrow’s goop is launching a co-branded online apparel collection and a podcast series installment with Banana Republic. "}
{"id": "doc3115", "text": "goop, the lifestyle and wellness brand founded by Paltrow, and Banana Republic are continuing their existing partnership with the launch of The goop Edit for Banana Republic capsule and a second installment of the eight-part series of “Women on Top,” a custom co-branded series on the goop podcast."}
{"id": "doc3116", "text": "The goop Edit for Banana Republic will launch in spring 2020 and feature five everyday essentials, including a trench coat, pleated skirt, polo, blouse, and chino pants. This capsule will launch exclusively on goop.com Feb. 11 and on Banana Republic’s e-commerce site beginning Feb.25."}
{"id": "doc3117", "text": "In spring 2020, the two brands will also release a second eight-part installment of “Women on Top,” with podcast episodes featuring ceiling-shattering female leaders who have broken boundaries to get where they are today. Following its debut in fall 2019, the new spring installment of “Women on Top” will include a first episode starring actress, writer, and producer Issa Rae, followed by episodes with nutritionist and author Kelly LeVeque, and journalist and author of “Inconspicuous Consumption,” Tatiana Schlossberg."}
{"id": "doc3118", "text": "New episodes of Women on Top will be released on the goop podcast every Tuesday at 6 a.m. EST from Feb. 18 through April 7, 2020."}
{"id": "doc3119", "text": "An on-demand beauty service provider is bringing virtual try-on to Fashion Week."}
{"id": "doc3120", "text": "Priv is partnering with mobile app provider Perfect to highlight its runway trends collection during New York Fashion Week (Feb. 6-13). Priv is making a collection of exclusive Fashion Week makeup styles available for try-on in the YouCam Perfect makeup and photo editing app. "}
{"id": "doc3121", "text": "Three of Priv’s beauty trends from the New York Fashion Week runway, including glittering shadows, neon liner, and blue accents, have been recreated as virtual makeup looks for customers to try on in real time with the YouCam Makeup app. Through the use of advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and augmented reality (AR) technologies, YouCam Makeup translates these makeup looks into an interactive digital try-on experience."}
{"id": "doc3122", "text": "The experience guides users through in-app discovery and experimentation in app, to real-life consultation with Priv cosmetics professionals. Customers can also decorate their photos with a variety of exclusive virtual stickers, frames and effects in the YouCam Perfect photo editing toolkit. "}
{"id": "doc3123", "text": "“The 2020 beauty landscape is all about hyper personalization, self-expression and tech-enabled beauty experiences,” said James Bradicich, VP of marketing & business development at Priv. “We’re thrilled to partner with Perfect Corp. to create an augmented reality experience that empowers fashion lovers to draw inspiration from the hottest Fashion Week trends and book their favorite beauty looks straight to their front door.”"}
{"id": "doc3124", "text": "Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing AR and virtual reality (VR) to provide customers a realistic digital view of how cosmetics products would look on them. Amazon and Macy’s are both leveraging artificial intelligence (AI)-based AR technology from ModiFace to enable its virtual cosmetic try-on experiences."}
{"id": "doc3125", "text": "Meanwhile, Ulta Beauty offers GlamLab, an AR-based mobile app feature that enables customers to see how different beauty products would look on them. The retailer is also piloting an AR-based try-on service in its stores. Other retailers leveraging AR for virtual cosmetics try-on include Pinterest, Sally Beauty and MAC Cosmetics."}
{"id": "doc3126", "text": "A specialty gift retailer combines a personal approach and leading-edge technology to satisfy customers during holidays and beyond."}
{"id": "doc3127", "text": "Chris Skelton, VP, customer experience, 1-800-Flowers.com, recently spoke with Chain Store Age about how his company leverages advanced data collection and analytics technology to provide a transparent, seamless and personalized shopping environment. Skelton also discussed the importance of seasonal holidays, such as Valentine’s Day, to 1-800-Flowers.com. "}
{"id": "doc3128", "text": "As a seasonally oriented business, how does 1-800-Flowers.com ramp up for peak times?“Valentine’s Day is one of the biggest floral holidays of the year and we expect to deliver approximately 18.5 million stems during the Valentine’s period this year. This amount of volume in a condensed period of time requires a very complex operational process, but we have executed over 40 Valentine’s Day holidays and know this occasion very well. "}
{"id": "doc3129", "text": "“The ramp up for peak periods, such as Valentine’s Day or Mother’s Day, begins a year in advance. As you might expect, we will conduct a comprehensive review of this Valentine’s Day and start the planning process for next year right after the holiday is over."}
{"id": "doc3130", "text": "“While 1-800-Flowers.com certainly experiences peak periods, everyday occasions – such as birthdays, sympathy, anniversaries, get well and just because – still represent the majority of the brand’s annual business.”"}
{"id": "doc3131", "text": "How do you integrate digital and brick-and-mortar customer experience?“Customer data and analytics have proven invaluable in helping us unify the shopping experience across all of our channels, including brick-and-mortar. 1-800-Flowers.com works with thousands of florists across the country in local markets to design and deliver arrangements, and we leverage data from these orders to help increase our florists’ business outcomes and develop a more insightful view of our shoppers. "}
{"id": "doc3132", "text": "“This information enables us to make data-driven decisions and orchestrate relevant interactions, such as tailored product recommendations and personalized marketing campaigns, to drive customer loyalty – regardless of which channels they’re utilizing to engage with us."}
{"id": "doc3133", "text": "“With the enhancements we’ve made to the customer experience, we’re also taking some of the burden off of our local florists by making it easier for shoppers to place, track and modify their orders via our customer service hub and artificial intelligence (AI)-powered Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA).”  "}
{"id": "doc3134", "text": "How much importance do you place on reaching out via emerging channels (social, voice, etc.)? “We know that technology drives consumer behavior, and we keep a close eye on how emerging innovations can help us better engage with customers. This is why we became an early adopter of conversational commerce. We started back in 2016, and are now among the first retailers on all five of the major messaging and voice platforms – including Facebook Messenger, Apple Business Chat, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant and Samsung’s Bixby. "}
{"id": "doc3135", "text": "“While we’re still ahead of wide adoption on these channels, we’re leveraging our early learnings from conversational commerce, along with AI and automation, to recreate the one-to-one personalized interactions we had with customers on the floor of our very first floral shop, at scale. "}
{"id": "doc3136", "text": "“We’re always identifying ways to make it easy and convenient for customers to shop with us wherever, whenever and however they choose. It’s a continual learning process and, in the end, it’s all about providing the best customer experience.”"}
{"id": "doc3137", "text": "What do you see as the biggest trend in customer experience for 2020?“It is no surprise that in today’s digital world, consumers expect ease and convenience in every aspect of the shopping journey. But they also expect personalization and to be recognized as an individual throughout the experience – with offers, products and services tailored to their unique needs. "}
{"id": "doc3138", "text": "“At 1-800-Flowers.com, we’re increasingly focused on creating more engaging personal interactions with our customers. We remind them of the special occasions and recipients in their lives and make suggestions to deepen these connections with appropriate gifts. Additionally, we provide our shoppers with rich digital content, including ‘how to’ videos and resources such as tips for how to care for a plant and advice for sympathy etiquette."}
{"id": "doc3139", "text": "“We’re also focused on building community with consumers and creating unique and memorable brand experiences to better engage with our loyal customers offline. For example, we organize various floral workshops that allow members of the community to come together and learn how to artfully arrange flowers from our talented florists. We hope to use experiences like these to serve as a bridge to deepen customer relationships and create two-way conversations. "}
{"id": "doc3140", "text": "“Were continually looking for ways to deepen our relationships with customers beyond the transaction. For example, we’ve introduced complimentary e-cards, which customers can use to express and connect with loved ones for Valentine’s Day, sympathy and other occasions.”"}
{"id": "doc3141", "text": "H.Greg.com knows where its cars are."}
{"id": "doc3142", "text": "The operator of 30 privately-owned dealerships throughout North America is deploying Cox2M Internet of Things (IoT)-based technology to obtain instant access to its entire vehicle inventory on a mobile app. The Lot Vision solution from Cox2M, a Cox Communications company, utilizes a GPS-based wireless device placed in a vehicles on-board diagnostics port or tracker attached to a steering wheel. "}
{"id": "doc3143", "text": "Lot Vision technology provides real-time information such as what cars are in stock, where they are on the lot, whether they need maintenance, and which are ready for sale, from a mobile device or laptop. HGreg.com has seen improvements in operations and the customer experience since rolling out the solution. The company can track the time a vehicle spends in each phase of processing on the lot."}
{"id": "doc3144", "text": "In addition, by integrating LotVision with the HomeNet automotive digital merchandising platform, H.Greg.com enables its dealers to syndicate new and used car inventory between the platforms and locate for-sale vehicles on the lot. The company also reports being able to reconcile inventory faster and more accurately than sending employees on an on-foot search. Other benefits include the capability to track multiple lots, so dealers can gain a full view of inventory when more than one lot is involved, as well as to monitor the progress of vehicles through reconditioning and merchandising. This enables H.Greg.com dealer operations teams to prioritize and locate vehicles that are aged or have stalled in the sales process."}
{"id": "doc3145", "text": "With Lot Vision and the HomeNet integration, well be able to view information that we used to have to pull from multiple sources or couldnt access at all,” said Chase Sattler, VP of operations, HGreg.com. “We expect to benefit from this daily."}
{"id": "doc3146", "text": "Macy’s is easing the process for customers to earn loyalty rewards."}
{"id": "doc3147", "text": "Macy’s has revamped its Star Rewards loyalty program to now allow every member to earn on every purchase, regardless of how they pay. Plus, customers can spend rewards on all products, including top brands. However, rewards cannot be earned on or redeemed for gift cards, services, or fees."}
{"id": "doc3148", "text": "There are two ways for customers to join Star Rewards. Based on annual spend, Macy’s cardholders are automatically enrolled in at one of three levels: silver, gold or platinum. Customers without a Macy’s card can enroll in the bronze level in-store, online or through Macy’s mobile app. "}
{"id": "doc3149", "text": "All Star Rewards members receive special benefits, including “Star Money Bonus Days,” where customers can earn bonus points toward star money that can be spent online or in-store even faster; perks and offers including extra savings and access to exclusive events; and a birthday surprise."}
{"id": "doc3150", "text": "With nearly 30 million members and growing, Macy’s Star Rewards program has been a huge hit, according to Rich Lennox, Macy’s chief customer officer. "}
{"id": "doc3151", "text": "“We hugged our best customers with the relaunch in October 2017 and then expanded it in 2018 to all customers,” he said. We have seen strong results and received positive customer feedback. With this next phase of the program, all customers will earn rewards on everything they buy (except gift cards, services and fees) and can redeem on anything they choose. In the simplest terms, it’s how we love our customers back.”"}
{"id": "doc3152", "text": "To celebrate, Macy’s is giving away 5 million points, with 50 Star Rewards members scoring 100,000 points each – which equals $1,000 in star money. Star Rewards members can enter to win in Macy’s mobile app between Monday, Feb. 10 and Sunday, Feb. 23. In addition, the retailer will host exclusive shopping events at select Macy’s stores on Feb. 15."}
{"id": "doc3153", "text": "Macys operates approximately 640 locations in 43 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam, with plans to close about 125 stores in the next three years."}
{"id": "doc3154", "text": "Third-party Google Shopping retailers can now directly advertise to Gmail subscribers."}
{"id": "doc3155", "text": "Beginning in March 2020, retailers participating in the Google Shopping online marketplace can run ads that appear in their standard Shopping campaigns targeting the Google Display network on the Gmail email platform. Currently, Google Shopping retailers can run Shopping ads on YouTube and the Google Discover feed."}
{"id": "doc3156", "text": "This means that reporting information will include Gmail in addition to YouTube and Google Discover for configurations including the Google Ads API, AdWords API. Google Shopping advertisers will be able to opt out of Gmail ads. "}
{"id": "doc3157", "text": "Google revamped its Google Shopping offering in May 2019 to more directly compete with Amazon Marketplace via features such as personalized shopper homepages and shoppable YouTube Discovery ads. In October, the online giant expanded Google Shopping further with features such as personalized suggestions and a price tracking tool."}
{"id": "doc3158", "text": "Almost half of consumers have used voice search to search for products in the past month."}
{"id": "doc3159", "text": "According to consumer survey data exclusively provided to Chain Store Age by The Manifest, 48% of respondents have searched for products with a voice-enabled device such as their phone or a smart speaker in the previous 30 days. The most popular product categories for voice search are:"}
{"id": "doc3160", "text": "•    Electronics (22%)•    Clothing (19%)•    Accessories (e.g., shoes, bags, jewelry, belts) (16%)•    Business services (16%)•    Health & beauty products (15%)•    Books (11%)"}
{"id": "doc3161", "text": "In additional published findings, the survey found more than half of voice search users (53%) use it at least once a week. People are more likely to use voice search to search for products, services, and information (60%) than to communicate with other people (20%) or issue commands (20%). "}
{"id": "doc3162", "text": "The top three types of information people use voice search to find out include facts such as trivia and term definitions (62%), the weather (46%), and the news (32%). "}
{"id": "doc3163", "text": "The survey also found that different age groups use voice search differently: Interestingly, voice search users ages 35 and older (64%) are more likely to use voice search to search for products/services than younger users ages 18-34 (47%). Meanwhile, younger voice search users ages 18-34 are the most likely to use voice search to issue commands (30%), compared to users ages 35 and older (17%). "}
{"id": "doc3164", "text": "The Manifest surveyed 501 U.S. residents who use voice search with a voice-enabled device. "}
{"id": "doc3165", "text": "Carvana is rolling out soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in three new markets in the West."}
{"id": "doc3166", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars, Carvana is launching in the markets of Cheyenne, Wyoming; St. George, Utah; and Pueblo, Colorado. This marks the first time Carvana is operating in Wyoming and Utah."}
{"id": "doc3167", "text": "Carvana allows customers to shop more than 15,000 vehicles on its site in as little as 10 minutes, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc3168", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc3169", "text": "“We’re growing incredibly fast and expanding as-soon-as-next-day delivery to more communities every day,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We’re rapidly expanding across the West, and offering our easy, transparent, customer-centric approach to car buying to more and more customers.”"}
{"id": "doc3170", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next day delivery in 161 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not Cheyenne, St. George, or Pueblo) offer “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases."}
{"id": "doc3171", "text": "Consumers across the country can now get rewards on filling fuel when they fill their coffee."}
{"id": "doc3172", "text": "Fuel retailer Shell Oil Company and coffee retailer Dunkin’ are nationally expanding their Sip Dunkin, Save at Shell partnership. The program allows members of the Shell Fuel Rewards loyalty program with Gold status who are also members of the Dunkin DD Perks rewards program to save 10 cents per gallon every time they purchase five beverages at a Dunkin location."}
{"id": "doc3173", "text": "The Sip Dunkin, Save at Shell promotion is planned to run through the end of 2020. Consumers can sign up to participate and link their accounts on the DDPerks website. When customers purchase beverages at participating Dunkin’ stores, they can scan their loyalty ID card or enrolled card code located in the Dunkin’ app. After buying five beverages in single or multiple transactions, they will automatically save 10 cents per gallon on your next fill-up at Shell by using their Fuel Rewards card or ID."}
{"id": "doc3174", "text": "Shell is thrilled to expand our partnership with Dunkin beyond a successful Northeast pilot to a national offering, allowing more consumers the ability to both enjoy their favorite Dunkin beverages and save when filling up their vehicle, said Todd Gulbransen, North America CRM and loyalty Manager for Shell Oil Products U.S. This national expansion has been something Shell, Dunkin and the Fuel Rewards program have been working on collaboratively - the teams are excited to offer consumers across the country the opportunity to enjoy the benefits of both loyalty programs."}
{"id": "doc3175", "text": "From the coffee in your cup to the gasoline in your car, Dunkin and Shell and both play a big part in keeping Americans fueled throughout their busy day, said Justin Unger, director of strategic partnerships at Dunkin Brands. We are excited to continue to build the great partnership between our two brands throughout 2020 with the Sip Dunkin, Save at Shell partnership, and deliver significant new rewards that fit so seamlessly into our on-the-go customers daily routines."}
{"id": "doc3176", "text": "DD Perks members who take advantage of this offer will earn five cents per gallon after every fifth beverage purchase, which combined with the five cents per gallon in Fuel Rewards savings members receive with their active Gold Status, creates a total savings of 10 cents per gallon. The 10 cents per gallon savings from this program can be stacked with other Fuel Rewards savings."}
{"id": "doc3177", "text": "Amazon is introducing the Amazon Future Engineer Teacher of the Year Awards."}
{"id": "doc3178", "text": "The awards are meant to honor and recognize seven teachers and their schools who work to help students in underserved and underrepresented communities build skills in computer science. Prize packages are valued at more than $25,000. "}
{"id": "doc3179", "text": "The more than 2,400 teachers participating in the Amazon Future Engineer program at over 2,100 schools nationwide can be nominated or apply at AmazonFutureEngineer.com from Feb. 13 to March 12."}
{"id": "doc3180", "text": "Award recipients will be chosen based on a variety of criteria which includes their commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion within computer science education, a recommendation from a school administrator, and compelling, personal anecdotes about their school and students. "}
{"id": "doc3181", "text": "Seven recipients will be chosen from across the country – two high school teachers in the Eastern U.S., two in the West, two in the central region, and one Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant teacher. Scholarship America will judge applications and select the award recipients."}
{"id": "doc3182", "text": "“The more than 2,400 Amazon Future Engineer teachers go the extra mile to bring exciting and life-changing computer science education to their students,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO worldwide consumer, Amazon. “We are proud to be able to support the teachers’ mission and the hundreds of thousands of hard-working students across the country who benefit. With this first round of awards, we are thrilled to recognize and celebrate these teachers as they make it possible for more students from a wide variety of backgrounds to have access to this increasingly important field.”"}
{"id": "doc3183", "text": "Amazon Future Engineer funds introductory and Advanced Placement computer science courses in more than 2,000 high schools serving more than 100,000 students in underserved and underrepresented communities. Amazon’s funding also provides preparatory lessons, tutorials, professional development for teachers, digital curriculum for students, and live online support for both teachers and students. "}
{"id": "doc3184", "text": "All educators and students participating in this program have access to a no-cost membership with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Educate, Amazon’s global initiative to provide students resources for building skills in cloud technology. "}
{"id": "doc3185", "text": "The Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant is currently in more than 150 schools, supporting thousands of students. This program provides a variety of elementary, middle, and high schools with robotics programming, which includes funding to launch First robotics clubs along with teacher professional development, and an additional $10,000 to expand access to computer science education at each school."}
{"id": "doc3186", "text": "All Amazon Future Engineer teachers can apply to the Amazon Future Engineer Teacher of the Year Awards. School principals, administrators, peers, and students can also nominate Amazon Future Engineer teachers to apply. Amazon will notify award recipients later in 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3187", "text": "The schools of award recipients will each receive a prize package, which may include a variety of needed donations to their classrooms, STEM toys and activities, and school upgrades and enhancements. They will also receive an all-expenses paid trip to Amazon’s re:MARS artificial intelligence event."}
{"id": "doc3188", "text": "CVS Pharmacy also consoled fans of the 49ers with localized text discounts."}
{"id": "doc3189", "text": "As part of its recently launched opt-in text program for members of its ExtraCare rewards program, the drugstore giant is sending a variety of text alerts such as exclusive offers and deal reminders that can be sent directly to a connected ExtraCare card by tapping and visiting a link in the message. "}
{"id": "doc3190", "text": "During the week following the Super Bowl victory of the Kansas City Chiefs over the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday, Feb. 2, CVS sent members of the opt-in text program who live in either Kansas City or San Francisco a targeted $2 ExtraBucks reward dollars offer. For Kansas City residents, the text read, “What a win! Celebrate with $2 ExtraBucks Rewards on us!” For San Francisco dwellers, the message said, “Tough game last night. Cheer up with $2 ExtraBucks Rewards on us!”"}
{"id": "doc3191", "text": "The ExtraCare text program is separate from the company’s pharmacy text alerts. ExtraCare members who opt in to receive text messages from ExtraCare may continue to receive personalized offers and eligible rewards via other CVS channels including email, direct mail, in-store coupon centers, and on receipts, both printed or digitally if they sign up for email receipts. Customers can sign up in-store at checkout, via text message, or in the CVS mobile app. "}
{"id": "doc3192", "text": "A trendy lifestyle retailer is ensuring its in-store marketing events make a splash."}
{"id": "doc3193", "text": "Anthropologie, part of the URBN retail group which also includes flagship brand Urban Outfitters, is creating transparency in how it programs and promotes marketing events at its stores. The retailer is leveraging the Splash event marketing platform to obtain insight into the full customer journey to an in-store marketing event, from lead generation to post-event retention."}
{"id": "doc3194", "text": "“We perform event programming across 220 stores,” explained Jessica McGuinn, experiential marketing manager at Anthropologie, during an interview with Chain Store Age. “That includes fashion shows, pop-ups, birthday events, workshops, partnerships, influencer-based activities and dinners, and daylong retreats. We need to connect those campaigns to customers, media, and influencers.”"}
{"id": "doc3195", "text": "To that end, Anthropologie decided to replace a previously installed event management platform with Splash."}
{"id": "doc3196", "text": "“The other platform was helpful for in-store RSVP and check-in, but did not offer the same transparency or data capabilities,” said McGuinn. “We now have online RSVP pages. We can track who RSVPs and who actually attends, and how we engage them. We can also track what store, date and time an event will be held, what speakers will be featured, design imagery, whether we charge and if we do whether it is for donation or for profit, if there is a paper ticket or it’s confirmed electronically, and any follow-up messages.”"}
{"id": "doc3197", "text": "As an example of how Anthropologie uses Splash, McGuinn cited how the retailer ran a fashion show in March 2019 at 25 stores, with assistance from the solution. “We could accurately monitor the total number of people who sent in an RSVP, showed up, checked in, and opened emails to confirm a purchase during the event time,” said McGuinn. “We took the email addresses of people who registered for the event and shared them with the analytics team to check their spending during the timeframe.”"}
{"id": "doc3198", "text": "There are also some impressive metrics that speak to the success of Anthropologie’s technology-enabled event management process. In 2019, the retailer increased foot traffic to its in-store happenings with more than 6,300 attendee check-ins at 665 events, 489 of which were run on Splash. This compares to about 4,500 check-ins at 593 events in 2018, about 440 of which were run on Splash. "}
{"id": "doc3199", "text": "And in the three-month window between September and November 2019, Antrhopologie added more than 3,000 new customers to its email list. This came after the retailer added an event checkout feature for attendees who sent an RSVP, with the opportunity to opt in to receive company communications (such as a newsletter) and join the loyalty program. "}
{"id": "doc3200", "text": "Other features of Anthropologie’s revamped event marketing platform include an external hub page that allows customers to view and search for events by characteristics such as category and location. “It’s a world forward in helping people increase the number of people who click through to RSVP,” commented McGuinn."}
{"id": "doc3201", "text": "Splash also offers an event uploader tool that enables McGuinn and her staff to create a template for an event page that can be uploaded once and modified as needed. “Putting in data and uploading it automatically is a godsend,” McGuinn said. “It saves me hours at a time.”"}
{"id": "doc3202", "text": "Looking ahead, McGuinn said Anthropologie may move to connect Splash to its Salesforce system for post-event sharing of data and results. This would also provide Anthropologie with a real-time sales tracker during event windows."}
{"id": "doc3203", "text": "“It wouldn’t necessarily prove all sales are connected, but we could see specific customers and how much time they spent in the shop,” she concluded."}
{"id": "doc3204", "text": "Price is important, but something else is also a critical differentiator for brick-and-mortar retailers."}
{"id": "doc3205", "text": "According to the “State of Consumer Behavior Report 2020” from digital signage and in-store solutions provider Raydiant, 69% of respondents said a good in-store experience is either important or very important to them. More than six in 10 (62%) find store associates helpful."}
{"id": "doc3206", "text": "While 57% of respondents said they would shop more at physical locations for exclusive discounts not available online, 23% said they would shop more if stores provided unique experiences. The omnichannel experience is also critical, especially regarding price comparisons. More than 68% of respondents had searched for a better price online after finding a product at a physical store."}
{"id": "doc3207", "text": "Other key findings include:•    Of respondents aged 18 to 34, 55% prefer to shop online, while 57.5% of those over 35 prefer to shop at physical locations."}
{"id": "doc3208", "text": "•    People who prefer to shop at physical locations name the ability to see and touch products as their primary differentiator (40%), followed closely by an enjoyable shopping experience (38%)."}
{"id": "doc3209", "text": "•    For men, the shopping experience (44%) is more important than the ability to see and touch products (23%). Women feel differently, with 46% prioritizing the physical presence of products and 35% preferring the experience."}
{"id": "doc3210", "text": "•    People of all ages who prefer shopping online name convenience as their primary motivator. For young people, access to discount codes came second at 23%, while older shoppers enjoy the ease of price comparison (11%) and transaction speed (11%)."}
{"id": "doc3211", "text": "The findings confirm our belief that brick and mortar is not dying, its simply evolving and that the retailers who are focused on creating true in-store experiences are positioned to thrive as the retail landscape continues to evolve, said Bobby Marhamat, CEO of Raydiant."}
{"id": "doc3212", "text": "The report surveyed 1,000 U.S. consumers in January 2020."}
{"id": "doc3213", "text": "Couples can register for a cash fund to help out with their honeymoon or make a house down payment on Bed Bath & Beyond’s new wedding registry platform.   The platform, dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way,” allows couples to register for traditional gift essentials as well as “gift experiences” in-store, online or via app. They can also create a cash fund. The registry also gives customers access to digital tools such as a registry checklist, price analyzer, collection starter and thank-you manager. "}
{"id": "doc3214", "text": "In addition, the struggling home furnishings retailer offers perks such as a completion discount and bonus gifts via the platform. Until March 18, 2020, new registrants can qualify to earn $100 in Bed Bath & Beyond rewards when they create a registry."}
{"id": "doc3215", "text": "This new wedding registry experience highlights the comprehensive capabilities Bed Bath & Beyond has built for our registrants to create a wedding registry as unique as the couple themselves, said interim marketing lead Michael Krueger. Your Registry, Your Way was created to conveniently combine alternative gifting options with traditional product essentials all-in-one place to make it easy for our registrants to create a home and life together."}
{"id": "doc3216", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new partnership making an assortment of private-label Macy’s items available on the Zola online wedding planning site."}
{"id": "doc3217", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, Bed Bath & Beyond had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc3218", "text": "Microsoft retail stores are gaining the ability to deploy new signage within hours."}
{"id": "doc3219", "text": "In December 2019, the tech giant began rolling out technology-supported, end-to-end creative and print collateral services from R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company (RRD). Microsoft is leveraging RRD’s automated print studio platform to ensure consistency and speed as it consolidates work for its in-store signage across all its brick-and-mortar locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and Canada."}
{"id": "doc3220", "text": "Microsoft will utilize RRD’s technology to automate sign-building workflows, while obtaining the flexibility to customize content and pricing for different store locations. The company intends to accelerates the entire process and enable each retail location to react to any changes with new signage in a matter of hours, rather than days."}
{"id": "doc3221", "text": "“RRD’s expertise and technology-based retail solutions ensure seamless creative, production and execution, which will help Microsoft Store achieve their in-store marketing goals,” said Doug Ryan, president of RRD Marketing Solutions. "}
{"id": "doc3222", "text": "A new global survey indicates consumers are receptive to brick-and-mortar innovations such as cashierless stores."}
{"id": "doc3223", "text": "A multinational consumer survey from digital financial technology provider Wirecard reveals that large percentages of respondents have interest in using emerging technologies to streamline a variety of in-store shopping activities. Seven in 10 (71%) are somewhat or very interested in a self-checkout app. And 65% are somewhat or very interested in a smart mirror that would allow them to view additional products, request other items and purchase goods without a checkout."}
{"id": "doc3224", "text": "Six in 10 (61%) respondents are somewhat or very interested in shopping at cashierless stores like Amazon Go. More than four in 10 (44%) respondents said they either somewhat or strongly agree that if a physical store didnt offer ways to purchase using their mobile phone, theyd be less likely to shop there. "}
{"id": "doc3225", "text": "When asked which shopping-related technology development they would like to see implemented to improve their buying experience, 58% of survey respondents identified mobile payments as being the most important, with biometric payments/cashierless stores second (45%) and virtual reality/augmented Reality (VR/AR) third with 25%."}
{"id": "doc3226", "text": "Specifically examining attitudes toward specific VR and biometric technologies, the survey found that 61% of respondents are somewhat or very interested in using VR to try on items of clothing before buying them online. Three in five would be interested in using biometric data to purchase products in-store (68%) and online (66%). When using biometric data to authorize payments, consumers are, on average, willing to spend $56. This drops to $43 when authorization isnt required."}
{"id": "doc3227", "text": "Close to six in 10 (57%) respondents either strongly or somewhat agreed that using voice-assisted devices such as Amazon Alexa and Google Home Hub would make shopping easier, and 44% either strongly or somewhat agreed that they would trust voice-assisted payments to do their weekly shopping. "}
{"id": "doc3228", "text": "Consumers are also interested in using technology to research products while they are in-store before they purchase. Three-quarters (74%) of respondents are at least somewhat interested in using an app on their phone or the stores website on their phone to find out more about the product they are looking at, while at least 72% have some interest in using in-store screens such as tablets and 60% are at least interested in using VR."}
{"id": "doc3229", "text": "The independent survey was carried out by Vanson Bourne on behalf of Wirecard in Q4 2019. A total of 6,000 consumers over the age of 18 in select countries in Europe, APAC and the Americas (including the U.S.) provided answers."}
{"id": "doc3230", "text": "Amazon will open a facility in the city of Bondurant, Iowa, in late 2020."}
{"id": "doc3231", "text": "The e-tail titan intends on employing 1,000 full-time workers at the 645,000-sq.-ft. fulfillment center. Employees will work alongside Amazon robotics to pick, pack and ship small items to customers, such as books, electronics and toys."}
{"id": "doc3232", "text": "“We are delighted to be opening our first Iowa fulfillment center in the city of Bondurant and look forward to creating 1,000 new, full-time jobs with Amazon’s $15 minimum wage and industry-leading benefits,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s VP of global customer fulfillment. “The site will help us continue to serve customers with great delivery options and we appreciate the strong support from local and state leaders.”"}
{"id": "doc3233", "text": "We are excited that Amazon is establishing a highly advanced robotic sortation center in Bondurant,” said Jay Byers, CEO of the Greater Des Moines Partnership. “Amazons project in Iowa further demonstrates the region is a logistics and technology hub and adds to the presence of other major tech companies with operations here, This project shows that Iowa continues to be recognized nationally as a top place for businesses to relocate or expand."}
{"id": "doc3234", "text": "Amazon has also pledged to invest over $700 million to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in-demand jobs. Programs will help employees gain access to training to move into skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retail stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon."}
{"id": "doc3235", "text": "An e-tail titan is bringing a lot of jobs to Bellevue, Wash."}
{"id": "doc3236", "text": "Amazon says it is on track to hire more than 15,000 employees in Bellevue, located about 10 miles from the e-tailer’s headquarters city of Seattle, in the next few years. The company opened its first office building there in 2017 and currently has more than 2,000 employees in the city."}
{"id": "doc3237", "text": "According to a corporate blog post announcing the planned growth in Bellevue, Amazon has designed its Bellevue offices with the goals of easy access to public transportation, fostering a sustainable lifestyle, and placemaking. This includes situating buildings will be no further than 0.5 miles from the new light rail station in downtown Bellevue and within 10 minutes walking distance of each other. All employees will receive free public transit passes and be eligible for company-subsidized ride share carpool options."}
{"id": "doc3238", "text": "Amazon is also planning for all buildings to be sustainable and have a minimal carbon footprint, seeking LEED Gold certification or better for its own developments like the Bellevue 600 office tower, expected to be completed in 2024. The 43-story skyscraper, which will be Amazon’s tallest office building, should have enough space for about 4,200 employees. It is located on the east half of a property Amazon purchased in April 2019 for $195 million."}
{"id": "doc3239", "text": "In addition, Amazon plans to build a “significant” common space along NE 6th Street in Bellevue to create a pedestrian connection and a new green area for residents, commuters, and downtown workers. The ground level will have thousands of square feet reserved for local retail and other uses, including a day care center to support Bellevue families. The development also includes a new meeting center to host company and community events."}
{"id": "doc3240", "text": "2019 was a record-breaking year for third-party sales at Amazon."}
{"id": "doc3241", "text": "The e-tailer launched more than 225 tools and services in 2019 to help third-party sellers, which it says are mostly small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs). These tools and services were part of a more than $15 billion global investment Amazon made into third-party seller operations during the year. "}
{"id": "doc3242", "text": "As a result, American SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores broke sales records, with more than 15,000 businesses surpassing $1 million in sales and nearly 25,000 surpassing $500,000 in sales in 2019. Worldwide, nearly 225,000 SMBs surpassed $100,000 in sales in Amazon’s stores in 2019, up from nearly 200,000 in 2018 and more than 140,000 in 2017."}
{"id": "doc3243", "text": "Amazon also invested billions of dollars in Prime free one-day delivery in 2019, driving the largest one-year investment Amazon has ever placed in its Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) inventory management program. Third-party sellers sold more than 700 million items in Amazon’s U.S. store that shipped with Prime free one-day delivery or faster in 2019."}
{"id": "doc3244", "text": "“More than half of the items sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses, so our success is deeply tied to their success,” said Nicholas Denissen, VP of small business at Amazon. “In many ways our store is a large collection of small businesses, and we love partnering with them to delight customers. With the investments we’re making, we are giving small businesses around the globe powerful tools and technology to help them reach hundreds of millions of customers and build successful brands.”"}
{"id": "doc3245", "text": "Amazon and Ikea are among 142 businesses who signed a letter criticizing a Tennessee state law critics see as harmful to LGBTQ residents."}
{"id": "doc3246", "text": "The open letter, credited to a group called Tennessee Businesses Against Discrimination, specifically calls out the recent passage by the state legislature of bill HB 386. The law will allow taxpayer-funded adoption and foster care agencies to deny otherwise qualified people to care for a child based on “religious objection.”"}
{"id": "doc3247", "text": "In addition to permitting taxpayer-funded child welfare agencies to deny LGBTQ individuals and couples, the letter says HB 386 also allows denial of interfaith couples, single parents, divorced people, or “anyone to whom the agency has a religious objection.”"}
{"id": "doc3248", "text": "“We ask that lawmakers not pursue any further legislation that would target or exclude LGBTQ people, which would do harm to Tennesseans and create unnecessary hurdles to economic competitiveness,” state the letter. “We urge policymakers to remain committed to the values of innovation and growth that we all share.”"}
{"id": "doc3249", "text": "While the letter never directly threatens that any of the signees will stop doing business in Tennessee, it does state, “As we seek to maintain and grow our world-class workforce, we often face questions about whether our state is welcoming to the LGBTQ community and beyond. It is both a business imperative and core to our corporate values that our customers, our employees and their families, and our potential employees feel fully included in the prosperity of our state.”"}
{"id": "doc3250", "text": "In addition to Amazon and Ikea, other retail- and CPG-affiliated companies signing the letter include Dell Technologies, Mars Inc., Nike Inc., Nissan North America, Postmates, Unilever, and Warby Parker. Postmates was one of several signees that also included an individual statement at the end of the letter. In this statement, the company directly implied it will leave Tennessee if the state continues passing legislation it views as discriminatory."}
{"id": "doc3251", "text": "“Postmates continues to be alarmed by the Lee Administration’s anti-LGBTQ agenda, particularly as we consider expanding our presence in the Volunteer State,” said Postmates in the statement. “It is impossible for Tennessee to be a great place to do business while its government imposes policies of exclusion and discrimination. State leaders cannot and will not be able to expect companies like ours to power its economic engines while supporting legislation that undermines our ability to feel welcome in this state unless they commit to a new pathway to include all families & all workers. HB 386 undermines businesses’ ability to recruit top talent and grow in the state by policies that say not all are welcome — and it’s just plain wrong. To our Postmates fleet, our customers, our small business owners, our entire community: we stand with you no matter who you love or who you are, and we will not accept this kind of flagrant hatred.” "}
{"id": "doc3252", "text": "Read the full text of the letter here. "}
{"id": "doc3253", "text": "California Pizza Kitchen will open its first Canadian store in Edmonton, Alberta."}
{"id": "doc3254", "text": "Partnering with Alberta restaurateur Samira Shariff, the casual dining chain will open its Edmonton location in the coming months, with five locations planned in the province over the next eight years. As part of an accelerated global growth focus, California Pizza Kitchen (CPK) intends to further expand in Canada, including to Vancouver, British Columbia, and Toronto, Ontario."}
{"id": "doc3255", "text": "Shariff brings nearly 40 years of experience building restaurant brands in Alberta as a multi-unit franchise owner and operator in Edmonton. In addition, her son Naheed brings more than 25 years of experience in restaurant franchising and will serve as CEO of CPK’s Alberta footprint."}
{"id": "doc3256", "text": "“At CPK, we take great pride in sharing our passion for California-style pizza, fresh and creative ingredients and best-in-class hospitality with our guests around the world,” said Jim Hyatt, CEO of CPK. “We’ve had our sights set on expanding into Canada for many years now, to bring CPK a little closer to home for all of our Canadian guests who’ve become loyal regulars at so many of our U.S. locations, whether joining us on vacation or business travel. Now, we’re confident we have the right, deeply experienced partner in Samira Shariff to spearhead our entry into the market.”"}
{"id": "doc3257", "text": "The signing of the Canada franchise agreement kicks off CPK’s global growth efforts in 2020 and beyond, with additional plans to increase its presence in Asia, the Middle East, Australia, and Europe. Beverly Hills-based CPK’s global footprint includes more than 240 locations in 10 countries and U.S. territories, which includes 40 international franchise locations as well as 16 domestic franchise locations in airports, casinos and stadiums throughout the U.S."}
{"id": "doc3258", "text": "Despite some negative sentiments, consumers are mostly willing to continue shopping at Amazon."}
{"id": "doc3259", "text": "According to a survey of 2,000 U.S. consumers conducted by delivery platform provider Convey, one in four respondents (24%) have negative feelings about Amazon’s impact on the retail industry as a whole. This disapproval grows when it comes to Amazon’s ecological footprint, with 27% of respondents saying they feel very or somewhat negative about Amazon’s impact on the environment."}
{"id": "doc3260", "text": "However, these sentiments don’t necessarily impact shopping behavior. One in five (21%) shoppers who were negative about Amazon’s impact on retail still reported buying at least 50% of all their goods on Amazon. Negative sentiment on environmental impact didn’t seem to sway shoppers either; more than one in four (24%) shoppers who believe Amazon is very or somewhat damaging to the environment still buy at least 50% of all their goods on Amazon."}
{"id": "doc3261", "text": "The survey also revealed that younger Americans feel more strongly about Amazon’s ecological footprint than older generations. More than one in three (35%) millennials said Amazon has a very or somewhat negative impact on the environment."}
{"id": "doc3262", "text": "Despite these concerns, fully 47% of respondents do at least a quarter of their shopping on Amazon, and 23% buy more than half of all their goods on the site. Fast and free shipping is far and away the top reason people shop at Amazon, selected by 80% of respondents, followed second by the broad selection of merchandise (69%). Nearly half of respondents (49%) said Amazon offers the best pricing, and four in 10 (42%) named ‘best online shopping experience’ as the reason why they choose Amazon."}
{"id": "doc3263", "text": "Delving deeper into respondent attitudes toward Amazon shipping policies, 25% of respondents said they would not use Amazon at all if they had to pay for shipping. Another four in 10 (39%) said they were unsure – meaning that close to two thirds (64%) of shoppers would at least consider buying elsewhere if free shipping were not offered."}
{"id": "doc3264", "text": "By contrast, respondents were slightly more flexible when it comes to delivery speed. While just over one in 10 respondents (12%) said arrival within one to two days is essential for them to continue using Amazon, more than half (55%) said they would still use the site if deliveries arrived in three to four days, as long as shipping was free. However, this tolerance declines sharply if packages take more than five days to arrive (34%), with just 9% saying they would wait more than eight days for their free Amazon deliveries."}
{"id": "doc3265", "text": "When it comes to delivery concerns, package theft was the biggest worry for respondents (30%). The second biggest concern was returns (14%). The lowest concern was “poor packaging of items’ (3%) – and nearly three in 10 shoppers (29%) said they aren’t concerned with Amazon deliveries at all."}
{"id": "doc3266", "text": "David’s Bridal’s new chief merchant is a Talbots veteran. "}
{"id": "doc3267", "text": "The nations largest bridal retailer appointed Nancy Viall as chief merchandising officer, effective February 4. Viall brings more than 25 years of merchandising and product development experience to Davids Bridal, where she will oversee the companys merchandising, product development and designer licensing strategies. She will serve on the executive leadership team and will report to James Marcum, CEO of Davids Bridal."}
{"id": "doc3268", "text": "Viall comes to Davids Bridal from Avenue Stores, where she was chief merchandising officer. (In August, Avenue announced it was closing https://chainstoreage.com/real-estate/confirmed-avenue-stores-to-close-all-locations all its 222 stores.)"}
{"id": "doc3269", "text": " Prior to joining Avenue in November 2017, Viall spent 20 years at Talbots in roles of increasing seniority, starting as a merchant and rising to senior VP and general merchandise manager. She played an integral role in the launch and expansion of Talbots plus-size concept. Before Talbots, Viall held merchandising positions at Casual Corner and May Department Stores Company."}
{"id": "doc3270", "text": "Nancy is a seasoned retail executive and merchant who is just as passionate about the customer as we are, stated Marcum. She is a magnetic leader who has driven continuous top tier results and has seen significant achievement in rebuilding and repositioning brands. Nancy has a proven track record for delivering results and were thrilled to have her on our team as we continue to grow and build on the success weve established over the past 70 years."}
{"id": "doc3271", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc3272", "text": "7-Eleven is moving forward with efforts to make in-store shopping as frictionless as possible."}
{"id": "doc3273", "text": "The convenience giant is piloting a 700-sq.-ft. cashierless store with employees at its Irving, Texas, headquarters. To test the store, employees download an app, sign up, check in at the store, enter the store, shop and exit. A detailed receipt appears in the app automatically after the customer exits."}
{"id": "doc3274", "text": "A proprietary mixture of algorithms and predictive technology enables the store system to separate individual customers and their purchases from others in the store. The concept store offers an assortment of the most popular products sold in regular 7-Eleven stores, including beverages, snacks, food, groceries, over-the-counter drugs, and non-food items. The retailer will continue to refine the product mix."}
{"id": "doc3275", "text": "Ultimately, our goal is to exceed consumers expectations for faster, easier transactions and a seamless shopping experience, said Mani Suri, 7-Eleven senior VP and CIO. “This in-house, custom built technology by 7-Eleven engineers is designed for our current and future customers. We continue to innovate, and coupling fresh, innovative, healthy food options with a frictionless shopping experience could be a game-changer."}
{"id": "doc3276", "text": "7-Eleven’s latest effort to remove friction from the brick-and-mortar experience comes on the heels of its August 2019 introduction of mobile self-checkout at stores in New York City. Mobile self-checkout is integrated into the 7Rewards loyalty program in the retailer’s mobile app. Customers open the app in-store, tap a button, scan the product barcode to add it to their basket with automatically applied discounts or promotions, and pay for purchases using Apple Pay, Google Pay or a debit or credit card. A QR code appears in the app once payment is made, which customers then scan at a confirmation station to confirm purchase."}
{"id": "doc3277", "text": "Like its cashierless store, 7-Eleven initially tested mobile self-checkout with employees at its headquarters. The retailer also followed up with some live testing in select Dallas stores."}
{"id": "doc3278", "text": "A major e-commerce platform is making a big play in global shopping."}
{"id": "doc3279", "text": "BigCommerce is introducing a suite of multi-currency features designed to streamline retailers’ cross-border operations and provide international customers with localized shopping experiences tailored to their native language and currency."}
{"id": "doc3280", "text": "Available now across all plan types at no additional cost, BigCommerce’s multi-currency solution enables retailers natively present, transact and settle purchases in more than 100 foreign currencies through pre-built integrations with payment providers Adyen, Elavon, Klarna, PayPal Express Checkout, and Stripe. In addition, BigCommerce plans to add support for Barclaycard, BlueSnap, and PayPal powered by Braintree in early 2020."}
{"id": "doc3281", "text": "According to BigCommerce, advantages of its new solution include allowing customers to check out in the same currency as their bank account or credit card without paying additional fees, refreshing of currency exchange rates with one click, and defining currency-specific pricing by individual SKUs."}
{"id": "doc3282", "text": "“In today’s global ecosystem, merchants not only need to have the technical ability to sell in new markets, but also provide international shoppers with a familiar, localized experience,” said Jimmy Duvall, chief product officer at BigCommerce. “BigCommerce’s enterprise-level multi-currency tools allow our merchants to quickly scale into new markets without forcing them to work with just one payment provider.”"}
{"id": "doc3283", "text": "The tentative $16.2 billion purchase of Tiffany & Company is closer to reality."}
{"id": "doc3284", "text": "Tiffany stockholders have voted to approve adoption of the purchase agreement and plan of merger with France’s LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the world’s largest luxury goods company. The November 2019 transaction, valued at $135 a share in cash or $16.7 billion, is the largest ever in the retail luxury sector."}
{"id": "doc3285", "text": "Holders of approximately 71% of Tiffany’s shares voted in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, representing approximately 99% of votes cast (excluding abstentions). In addition, the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 in connection with the merger for U.S. antitrust purposes expired Feb. 3."}
{"id": "doc3286", "text": "LVMH is not required to hold a vote of its stockholders to approve the merger agreement. Tiffany anticipates that the merger will be completed in the middle of 2020, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the remaining customary conditions to closing, including receipt of other required regulatory approvals."}
{"id": "doc3287", "text": "eBay reportedly has a suitor willing to spend more than $30 billion in an acquisition deal."}
{"id": "doc3288", "text": "Following up on an initial report in the Wall Street Journal, Forbes reports that Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), the owner of the New York Stock Exchange, has recently approached eBay about purchasing the e-tail giant. Since eBay’s current market cap is $28 billion, an acquisition could wind up costing ICE more than $30 billion with premiums."}
{"id": "doc3289", "text": "ICE has reportedly offered to purchase eBay before it made its most recent inquiry. There is no formal offer on the table and the companies are not currently engaged in official discussions of the matter. ICE may only have interest in purchasing eBay’s core e-commerce business and not its less profitable classified ad business. It is unclear how or if this would affect a possible purchase price or negotiations."}
{"id": "doc3290", "text": "A young women’s apparel and accessories retailer is piloting same-day delivery from its suppliers in Houston."}
{"id": "doc3291", "text": "Francesca’s is leveraging the TUYA Technologies third-party marketplace platform to connect with independent delivery professionals in the Houston market. The retailer enters an order via the TUYA site or mobile app, with the option to select a specific delivery professional or groups of delivery professionals."}
{"id": "doc3292", "text": "Francesca’s obtains access to transparent pricing upfront, receives instant updates, and can speak with drivers directly, track deliveries in real-time, and share tracking information with customers. The retailer receives a “proof of delivery” signature and/or image once the delivery has been completed. In addition, Francesca’s receives analytics showing their cost savings and percentage data to show improvements on their service levels."}
{"id": "doc3293", "text": "“Many of today’s same-day delivery models can be compared to taxis before technology,” said John Oren, CEO, TUYA Technologies. “Before, you would have to call and request your service with no visibility or transparency between you, your delivery, and your driver. Our platform makes current an industry that has been stuck in the past; making the process simple, easy and direct.”"}
{"id": "doc3294", "text": "TUYA plans to expand to major markets in Texas, and eventually intends to service all 25 major U.S. markets."}
{"id": "doc3295", "text": "A specialty beauty powerhouse will open the most North American stores in a single year in its history."}
{"id": "doc3296", "text": "Sephora will open 100 new store locations across North America in 2020, more than it has opened on the continent in any prior year and more than double the number of openings from 2019. The stores will be located in street and local centers, as well as a mix of new and established shopping centers. In an interview with CNBC, Jeff Gaul, senior VP of real estate and store development, Sephora, said the focus will be on more off-mall sites."}
{"id": "doc3297", "text": "“We are getting closer to where she lives and works, where she does most of her errands ... where she can pull right up and grab something, Gaul said."}
{"id": "doc3298", "text": "The retailer, owned by luxury global giant LVMH, did not specify any of the exact locations. But it said that the stores will be located in more than 75 cities centered around local neighborhoods and community centers, including Charlotte, N.C., Nashville, and San Jose, Calif."}
{"id": "doc3299", "text": "The stores will feature a sleek architectural and visual design that reflects  Sephoras signature look and feel. The retailer will utilize more cost-effective materials, which it said will allow deeper investment in customer-centric experiences and services, and employee development. Additionally, all new stores will be powered by 100% renewable energy, helping to reduce the retailer’s energy consumption and tying into its sustainability program."}
{"id": "doc3300", "text": "As part of Sephoras expansion, the mix will  include a smaller, 4,000-sq.-ft. format that is designed to allow Sephora to more seamlessly integrate into street and local center locations. It will feature layout changes, including a more prominent upfront location for haircare and skincare,  as well as a new Sephora Studio for skin and beauty services. The stores will keep the retailers Beauty Advisor service along with in-store offerings such as mobile checkout, Find Your Fragrance and Beauty on the Fly."}
{"id": "doc3301", "text": "Sephora also plans to include store features such as sleek, easy-to-navigate fixtures at the front of the store, digital beauty tools like Sephora Color IQ technology that scans the surface of a customer’s skin and assigns it a special number, which reveals scientifically precise foundation, concealer, and lip recommendations, and the Sephora Digital Makeover Guide, which tracks all products used or recommended to customers during their in-store service and emails details to them for future reference. "}
{"id": "doc3302", "text": "“Everything we do at Sephora is with our clients’ evolving needs in mind,” said Gaul. “In looking at where and how today’s beauty lover is shopping, there’s no doubt that there’s a trend toward more local shopping destinations. This year, clients can expect to see more Sephora stores not only in malls and high-traffic shopping centers, but also closer to home. These locations are meant to complement our existing fleet and give clients a more personalized and customized experience.”"}
{"id": "doc3303", "text": " As we look at ways to continue to be more inclusive and accessible, brick-and-mortar continues to be a huge opportunity for us to deepen emotional connections with our clients and local communities,  said Jean André Rougeot, CEO of Sephora Americas. It’s through our interactive store environment, our best-in-class educational tools and services and incredible engagements with our beauty advisors that we are able to best service and inspire clients on their beauty journey.”"}
{"id": "doc3304", "text": "Amazon’s newest tech hub will double its workforce in Santa Barbara, Calif."}
{"id": "doc3305", "text": "Planning to create 150 additional tech jobs in Santa Barbara, Amazon has opened a new 48,000-sq.-ft. office for Alexa tech teams located in downtown. Employees located there will focus on developing new ways to integrate Alexa’s artificial intelligence (AI) and voice technology in devices such as Amazon Echo and Fire TV. "}
{"id": "doc3306", "text": "The Santa Barbara-based teams work with scientists in Amazon’s development center in Cambridge, England in this effort. Amazon is currently hiring for what it says are dozens of open roles in Santa Barbara."}
{"id": "doc3307", "text": "The new Amazon office includes energy-efficient appliances and sensors to reduce energy and water consumption, enhanced bike storage and lockers to encourage alternate modes of commuting, and open spaces to enhance collaboration and innovation between teams."}
{"id": "doc3308", "text": "“We have been able to hire great talent in Santa Barbara and look forward to doubling our workforce here,” said Kevin Davis, site lead of Amazon’s Santa Barbara office. “Santa Barbara is an incredibly welcoming city with a high quality of life and innovative culture – and we’re excited to create more jobs, and continue to invest locally in the community.”"}
{"id": "doc3309", "text": "Amazon says it has created more than 45,000 full-time jobs in California since 2010 and invested over $34.5 billion in the state, including infrastructure and compensation to its employees."}
{"id": "doc3310", "text": "Industry veteran Andre Persaud is assuming the role of executive VP, retail at Rite Aid Corp."}
{"id": "doc3311", "text": "In his new position, Persaud will lead the retail operations for more than 2,400 Rite Aid stores. His responsibilities will include inventory and supply chain management, field team management, store operations, asset protection and facility maintenance, and repairs. His retail experience includes grocery, pharmacy, off-price apparel, and beauty services. "}
{"id": "doc3312", "text": "Persaud has more than 25 years of diverse and broad retail experience across varied channels and formats in both the U.S. and Canada. Most recently, he served as an executive consultant to Wakefern Food."}
{"id": "doc3313", "text": "Prior to Wakefern, Persaud served as executive VP retail, for Shopko Stores Operating Company. Previously, he served as senior VP, store operations for Burlington Stores and prior to that he served as senior VP, central operations and merchandising, for Loblaw Companies Ltd., and in multiple senior operational leadership roles for Shoppers Drug Mart. He began his career as a pharmacist and served in progressive leadership roles to eventually lead drug store operations for Walmart Canada."}
{"id": "doc3314", "text": "“Andre has demonstrated proven success when it comes to leading a transformational retail strategy,” said Heyward Donigan, CEO, Rite Aid. “The company has many exciting growth initiatives planned for 2020 and beyond. With Andre on board, we will move quickly to build on existing Rite Aid customer loyalty and implement a compelling, go-forward retail vision.”"}
{"id": "doc3315", "text": "“I’m thrilled to join Rite Aid at such a pivotal moment in the company’s history,” said Persaud, Rite Aid. “Customer expectations of retail pharmacies are rapidly changing. They want a more engaged health and wellness experience, more relevant, curated merchandise and a seamless retail experience. I look forward to working with the Rite Aid team to deliver on these expectations.”"}
{"id": "doc3316", "text": "Starbucks Corp. is seeing a number of benefits from deploying artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped hardware and analytics."}
{"id": "doc3317", "text": "The coffee giant plans to deploy 4,000 AI-enabled Mastrena II espresso makers during 2020, following the installation of about 1,900 of the units during 2019. In comments made during Starbucks’ recent Q1 2020 earnings call, Rosalind Gates Brewer, COO, group president and director, Starbucks Corp., said the Mastrena II machines improve the customer experience by reducing the amount of time it takes to make and serve coffee, enabling the retailer to offer a wider assortment of beverages. In addition, Brewer referenced Starbucks’ Deep Brew AI engine as enabling the retailer to better understand customer preferences.  "}
{"id": "doc3318", "text": "“(W)e will see the most significant deliverable around how we will integrate AI into understanding how to deliver the best coffee experience and also reducing the amount of time it takes to deliver and then giving us a chance to provide a variety of coffee to our customers,” said Brewer. “Theres also other innovation happening around Deep Brew. It will show up in various aspects of the business, but the equipment position is our strongest position right now.”"}
{"id": "doc3319", "text": "Brewer also highlighted significant growth in Starbucks’ loyalty program, with a 16% year-over-year increase in active Starbucks Rewards members. "}
{"id": "doc3320", "text": "“Its the strongest growth rate weve seen in three years,” said Brewer. “So the work that weve done in our multi-tier redemption is also allowing us to grow our member base. Weve got an increase of annual member growth of 2.7 million members. Theres a lot of customer insights that comes out of the work that we do as we grow our member base. So, we are learning from whats happening as we align AI to our equipment, and then the work that comes out of our loyalty programs and getting us closer to customers expectations. And its making a difference.” "}
{"id": "doc3321", "text": "In addition, Brewer said that Starbucks’ number of 90-day active digital customers grew 40% year-over-year during the quarter to 10.2 million, resulting from enhancements to its digital experience. Furthermore, total mobile orders reached more than 15% of the sales mix, compared to 10% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. That percentage includes 9% of sales being mobile delivery and 6% being mobile order & pay transactions. "}
{"id": "doc3322", "text": "“And were continuing to build out these digital relationships with customers,” stated Brewer."}
{"id": "doc3323", "text": "“While Starbucks’ new AI-enabled espresso machines improve the efficiency of beverage making, this is truly a ripple effect to a better customer experience, more brand loyalty and additional offerings for consumers down the road,” said Tom Caporaso, CEO of loyalty program provider Clarus Commerce. “Using technology like this can help brands find gaps in their customer service, traditional loyalty programs and even allow them to offer premium loyalty options based on the increased knowledge of what customers really want. More technology isn’t harmful; it’s the key to finally understanding your customers - just dont forget the human touch.”"}
{"id": "doc3324", "text": "Visa is reportedly going to charge higher fees for e-commerce transactions, and retailers aren’t happy."}
{"id": "doc3325", "text": "The Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) issued a statement criticizing a report in Bloomberg that Visa plans to increase the interchange rates retailers pay per card transaction for some types of purchases. According to Bloomberg, the interchange rates for “card-not-present” transactions made via Internet and phone will go up, while rates for transactions made in sectors including real estate and education will go down."}
{"id": "doc3326", "text": "“Let’s be blunt,” Austen Jensen, RILA senior VP of government affairs, said in a statement. “Visa teasing that rates will go down for ‘some’ is masking the true impetus for this plan—their aim is to hike rates on the vast majority of merchants. This sleight-of-hand shouldn’t fool lawmakers or regulators. Visa is attempting to hide the impact of these changes with lots of fancy buzz words, but the reality is that they are setting themselves up to drive up costs at local retailers, restaurants and other merchants with higher fees.” "}
{"id": "doc3327", "text": "Jensen went on to say the payments market is “broken” and in the absence of true competition, the government needs to get involved. Visa’s new interchange fee structure will reportedly raise the fee on a $100 card-not-present transaction to $1.99 from $1.90 on a traditional fee and to $2.60 from $2.50 on a premium card. The changes are said to be set for rollout in two phases in April and October 2020."}
{"id": "doc3328", "text": "Retailers currently pay $100 billion a year, primarily to Visa and Mastercard, in interchange fees on more than $6.5 trillion in U.S. card transactions each year. Neither Visa nor Mastercard provided comment to Bloomberg."}
{"id": "doc3329", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. exceeded analyst expectations for earnings per share (EPS) and revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2020."}
{"id": "doc3330", "text": "The luxury clothing and accessories company reported net income of $334 million, or $4.41 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, net income was $217 million, or $2.86 per diluted share, excluding the impact of tax reform and restructuring-related and other charges. This compared to net income of $120 million, or $1.48 per diluted share on a reported basis, and net income of $188 million, or $2.32 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, for the third quarter of fiscal 2019."}
{"id": "doc3331", "text": "Wall Street analysts had predicted adjusted EPS of $2.45. Revenue totaled $1.75 billion, up 1% on a year-over-year basis and ahead of a forecasted $1.72 billion. North America revenue increased slightly to $911 million, with same-store sales rising 4%. Europe revenue in the third quarter increased 3% to $438 million on a reported basis and 5% in constant currency, with same-store sales growing 2%. Asia revenue in the third quarter increased 5% to $290 million on both a reported and constant currency basis, although same-store sales dropped 1%. However, excluding Hong Kong, same-store sales in Asia rose 2%. We continue to make strong progress on our Next Great Chapter plan amid a volatile backdrop, with third-quarter results ahead of our overall expectations, including better than expected revenues, operating margin, and double-digit EPS growth, said Patrice Louvet, president and CEO, Ralph Lauren Corp. Over the important holiday season, our teams consistently executed across each of our strategic priorities, enabling us to elevate our brand and deliver for our consumers across every touchpoint.”"}
{"id": "doc3332", "text": "For fiscal 2020, the company expects net revenue growth in the range of 2% to 3% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 1.1 to 1.3 percentage points in fiscal 2020. This outlook continues to include the impact of tariffs and business disruptions in Hong Kong but does not include potential impact from the coronavirus outbreak in Asia."}
{"id": "doc3333", "text": "In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the company expects net revenue to be up slightly on both a constant currency and reported basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 0.5 percentage points in the quarter."}
{"id": "doc3334", "text": "Walgreens is reportedly settling a case involving alleged illegal dispensing of prescriptions."}
{"id": "doc3335", "text": "According to the Associated Press, Walgreens has agreed to pay $7.5 million in penalties, costs and remedial payments to settle a consumer protection action filed against it by the California counties of Santa Clara and Alameda. The action was filed in response to charges brought against former Walgreens employee Kim Thien Le."}
{"id": "doc3336", "text": "Le, who worked at Walgreens stores in those counties between 2006 and 2017, is accused of misusing the license numbers of registered pharmacists to illegally fill more than 745,00 prescriptions, including more than 100,000 scripts for opioids. Le, who allegedly did not have her own license, has pled not guilty to criminal charges of impersonating a pharmacist."}
{"id": "doc3337", "text": "The complaint against Walgreens alleged the drugstore giant did not properly vet Le’s credentials or ensure its internal systems to prevent this type of fraud worked properly. "}
{"id": "doc3338", "text": "“Pharmacy quality and safety are top priorities, and upon learning of this issue, we undertook a re-verification of the licenses of all our pharmacists nationwide,” Walgreens said in a statement."}
{"id": "doc3339", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc3340", "text": "Amazon is designing its upcoming fleet of electric vehicles to streamline delivery while eliminating emissions."}
{"id": "doc3341", "text": "In September 2019, Amazon initially announced that as part of its commitment to reducing carbon, it would order 100,000 electric delivery vehicles from sustainable vehicle manufacturer Rivian. This $440 million investment represents what Amazon says is the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles, with vans starting to deliver packages to customers in 2021."}
{"id": "doc3342", "text": "In a new corporate blog post, Amazon is unveiling design details of the electric vans it says will enhance the safety and comfort of drivers while making deliveries more efficient and eliminating 4 million metric tons of carbon per year by 2030. Amazons transportation team spent 18 months evaluating a variety of electric vehicle options to reduce its carbon footprint, and drivers who currently deliver Amazon packages had input into the vehicles design and functionality."}
{"id": "doc3343", "text": "Manufactured at Rivians plant in Normal, Ill., the vans will come in three size variants and support multiple battery sizes so they can be optimized for specific delivery routes. Each vehicle is designed to include a suite of advanced safety technology including automated emergency braking, front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive options, lane keep assist, a pedestrian warning system, traffic design recognition, and an automatic warning system that detects and alerts distracted driver behavior."}
{"id": "doc3344", "text": "The design also includes a digital instrument cluster and central display screen integrated with Amazons logistics management, along with routing and package delivery technology, to eliminate the need for extra navigation or mapping devices. By integrating Amazon Alexa voice assistant technology, the e-tailer will enable drivers to ask for help or use simple voice commands in the cargo bay when sorting packages without having to manually enter commands or consult handheld devices."}
{"id": "doc3345", "text": "Were trying to build the most sustainable transportation fleet in the world, said Ross Rachey, director of Amazons global fleet and products. It also needs to be the most functional, the highest performing, the safest."}
{"id": "doc3346", "text": "Amazons new electric delivery vehicles will begin delivering packages to customers in 2021. The company plans to have 10,000 of the vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030, saving what the e-tailer says will be millions of metric tons of carbon per year by 2030."}
{"id": "doc3347", "text": "Foot Locker Inc. is officially rolling out its new unified FLX membership program in North America."}
{"id": "doc3348", "text": "Members of FLX receive rewards for shopping and engaging across all six U.S. Foot Locker brands - Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Footaction, and Eastbay. FLX, which has already launched in select European countries and will continue to expand to additional Foot Locker global regions, is free to join and offers free shipping on all orders with no minimums, although some exclusions may apply."}
{"id": "doc3349", "text": "Members will earn 100 “XPoints” loyalty points per dollar spent in-store and online at all Foot Locker brands, and can also earn points by completing online activities such as surveys, shopping preferences, and connecting social media accounts. The program has three membership tiers: X1, X2 and X3, each providing additional benefits. Existing higher tier members of Foot Lockers legacy programs will receive 2,000 or 3,000 XPoints respectively, dependent on tier when migrating their membership account to FLX."}
{"id": "doc3350", "text": "FLX also offers a centralized redemption center where members can redeem their XPoints for unique rewards. The center features exclusive experiences and offerings, with a user experience Foot Locker says it will update regularly. Other features include the ability to redeem points for “Head Starts” that can improve the chances of securing launch products via the Foot Locker, Footaction, and Champs Sports apps."}
{"id": "doc3351", "text": "I am so proud of our associates. An incredible amount of thoughtful planning has gone into building FLX, our new global membership program that continues to put our consumers top of mind, said Richard Johnson, chairman and CEO of Foot Locker Inc. FLX rewards our customers for engaging and shopping across our family of brands by giving them exclusive access to great experiences, unique offerings and our most coveted products."}
{"id": "doc3352", "text": "Walmart is addressing store and supply chain issues as it attempts to prevent coronavirus transmission."}
{"id": "doc3353", "text": "The discount giant is taking several significant steps to minimize the spread of the coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan, China, among its customers and employees. The virus has been confirmed in cases across more than 15 countries globally."}
{"id": "doc3354", "text": "In alignment with official recommendations, Walmart is temporarily limiting all non-business critical travel to, from, and within mainland China, and conducting all planned meetings virtually. The company is placing no additional restrictions on global travel, but is asking all home office employees who have been in China between Jan. 14-31 to work remotely throughout the 14-day incubation period for the virus."}
{"id": "doc3355", "text": "In addition, Walmart is enhancing general hygiene and health practices in its China stores, clubs, depots, and support centers, with special emphasis on disinfecting higher-risk areas. Business hours and operations are being adjusted as needed on an individual basis."}
{"id": "doc3356", "text": "Walmart said it is also leveraging its global supply chain to increase the supply of essential items to continue to serve customers in China. The retailer has donated roughly $140,000 to provide medical supplies and support to China’s Hubei province, which is the region most impacted by coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc3357", "text": "“We will be closely monitoring the situation and will provide updates as we can,” Judith McKenna, CEO of Walmart International, said in a note sent to all global home office employees. “In the meantime, make sure you are taking steps to be conscious of risks, and seek medical attention if you feel unwell.”"}
{"id": "doc3358", "text": "Dunkin’ Brands, the parent company of Dunkin and Baskin-Robbins, is promoting Jill McVicar Nelson to VP, marketing strategy, Dunkin’ U.S."}
{"id": "doc3359", "text": "In her new position, Nelson will lead a newly reorganized team responsible for brand marketing and planning, as well as value and pricing strategies. She will report on an interim basis to Dunkin Brands CEO Dave Hoffmann, who is leading the marketing department until the company names a permanent replacement for Tony Weisman, who resigned as chief marketing officer in December 2019. Most recently, Nelson served as director of corporate strategy and chief of staff to the CEO."}
{"id": "doc3360", "text": "We are combining our strategic, go-to-market functions into one team in order to accelerate the growth of Dunkin U.S. through a more integrated marketing approach, and I am delighted to announce the appointment of Jill as the vice president to lead this group, said Hoffmann. Jill has been intimately involved in the creation and execution of our blueprint for growth, the multi-year plan to transform the Dunkin U.S. business. With Jill at the helm, I am confident we will be able to respond more quickly to changes in the consumer landscape, provide better support to our franchisees, and, ultimately, better serve our customers."}
{"id": "doc3361", "text": "Nelson joined Dunkin Brands in 2011 as a member of the business analytics finance team, where she was responsible for measuring the effectiveness of marketing promotions and new product introductions. She left the company in 2014 to earn an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business, Dartmouth, and returned to Dunkin in 2016 holding various strategic roles. In 2019, she was promoted to director of corporate strategy. "}
{"id": "doc3362", "text": "Macy’s is reportedly closing its technology office in San Francisco on April 1, with at least some layoffs as a result."}
{"id": "doc3363", "text": "According to Business Insider, Macy’s CEO Jeff Gennette informed the more than 1,000 employees at the office, including 880 full-time staffers and roughly 200 contract workers, of the upcoming closure. Operations conducted at the San Francisco office, which include product and digital revenue, Macys.com, and technology, will be moved to existing Macy’s offices in New York City and Atlanta."}
{"id": "doc3364", "text": "A Macy’s spokesperson said some employees will be given the opportunity to transfer to positions in the New York or Atlanta offices, and eligible employees will receive severance pay and outplacement assistance. A notice sent to the state of California indicates 831positions, including senior managers, engineers, and analysts, will be affected by the closure."}
{"id": "doc3365", "text": "Macy’s, which hosts an investor day on Wednesday, Feb. 5, recently confirmed it is closing 29 stores across the country following declines in same-store sales during the third quarter and holiday season 2019. "}
{"id": "doc3366", "text": "Refrigiwear is among three online specialty retailers integrating personalized sizing into its customer experience."}
{"id": "doc3367", "text": "The online retailer of cold-weather workwear, which also sells its merchandise through partner brick-and-mortar retailers, is deploying the MySizeID solution from MySize in collaboration with global e-commerce consulting agency ZeroGrey. MySizeID aids selection of the appropriate apparel size for a specific brand, based on the shoppers real-time body measurements."}
{"id": "doc3368", "text": "In addition to Refrigiwear, ZeroGrey is also coordinating rollouts of MySizeID with Italian specialty nautical apparel and accessories retailer Slam and vertical Italian specialty footwear retailer La Sportiva. All three retailers seek to increase customer loyalty and reduce returns. "}
{"id": "doc3369", "text": "As part of our vision of improving e-commerce for our clients, we believe that MySizeID perfectly complements our digital strategy,” said Simone De Ruosi, GM of Zero Grey. “The ability to make online shopping much easier for the end consumer is vital, and therefore we are very pleased to be able to partner with My Size. Among our large and growing clientele, we are starting the deployment with La Sportiva, Refrigiwear and Slam, three successful retail companies looking forward to increasing their online sales, thanks to the cutting-edge technology that My Size has put at our disposal."}
{"id": "doc3370", "text": "U.S. Polo Assn. recently integrated the MySizeID widget for mens dress shirt size recommendations through the Shopify platform. In partnership with Shopify, fashion and apparel retailers can deploy the MySizeID solution through an integration of the MySizeID widget on their website. "}
{"id": "doc3371", "text": "A tech-focused e-tailer is running its second major online sales event of 2020."}
{"id": "doc3372", "text": "The new year is only a month old, but Newegg is following up its January “19th Anniversary Sale-a-Bration” event with a Valentine’s Day-themed sale and sweepstakes. The retailer’s “14 Days of Giveaways” promotion kicked off Saturday, Feb. 1 with a 72-hour sale ending midnight on Monday, Feb. 3."}
{"id": "doc3373", "text": "In addition, through Friday, Feb. 14, Newegg customers can enter online to be eligible for a range of sweepstakes prizes, including PC hardware, an ultrabook and a gaming desktop computer. As part of the event, Newegg is running a “Tech is in the Air” sale from Feb. 4-14, and a President’s Day-themed “Stars, Stripes & Savings” sale from Feb. 11-17. "}
{"id": "doc3374", "text": "“At Newegg, we love our customers and this sweepstakes is a fitting way for us to reciprocate their loyalty with some of the latest tech gear,” said Anthony Chow, president of Newegg. “Our 14 Days of Giveaways is a prolonged celebration of Valentine’s Day, and an appropriate way for us to give back to our customers that truly embodies the spirit of the holiday.”"}
{"id": "doc3375", "text": "Newegg also runs an annual “FantasTech” online tech product sale in July to compete with Amazon Prime Day and a “Smart September” promotion."}
{"id": "doc3376", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliance is turning to managed services to transform its global IT function."}
{"id": "doc3377", "text": "The drugstore giant is expanding a strategic partnership with IT services/solutions provider Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to launch a new managed services-based operating model for IT run and operational services. Following a transitional period, TCS will provide managed services including application maintenance and support, infrastructure, and security operations. "}
{"id": "doc3378", "text": "Walgreens is overhauling its global IT operating model as part of a broader cost management program designed to simplify operations and supply chain management. The initiative is expected to save the company $1.8 billion or more annually by 2022. Walgreens recently reported fourth-quarter earnings and revenue below analyst expectations."}
{"id": "doc3379", "text": "TCS’ approach will blend artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and advanced software engineering with a goal of enhancing operational resilience and boosting productivity. As a result, Walgreens seeks to enable its global IT team to focus on developing new proprietary, customer-facing digital products and services; as well as drive organizational efficiencies across the company and further reduce its cost base."}
{"id": "doc3380", "text": "Walgreens is building a scalable, sustainable and globally unified IT operating model that is focused on digital transformation, automation of service delivery and innovation, said Francesco Tinto, senior VP, global CIO, Walgreens Boots Alliance. The TCS strategic partnership will enhance our ability to rapidly address evolving business needs, support large-scale global technology solutions and promote investment in truly differentiating capabilities through a modernized platform."}
{"id": "doc3381", "text": "We are delighted to build on our long-standing relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance and enable its growth and transformation, said Ashish Khurana, head, Retail Industry Solutions, TCS. We will leverage our contextual knowledge of Walgreen’s business ecosystem to harness the power of digital technologies to streamline and scale-up their IT operations, while helping accelerate transformational initiatives that enhance the customer experience."}
{"id": "doc3382", "text": "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) sees competitive issues with a proposed acquisition of online shaving products retailer Harry’s Inc."}
{"id": "doc3383", "text": "The FTC is authorizing the Bureau of Competition to file suite to enjoin Edgewell Personal Care Company’s (Edgewell is the parent company of Schick’s) proposed $1.37 billion acquisition of what it says is Edgewell’s key competitor, Harry’s Inc. The FTC’s complaint alleges that the proposed combination would eliminate one of the most important competitive forces in the shaving industry. "}
{"id": "doc3384", "text": "“The loss of Harry’s as an independent competitor would remove a critical disruptive rival that has driven down prices and spurred innovation in an industry that was previously dominated by two main suppliers, one of whom is the acquirer,” the FTC said in a press release announcing the decision."}
{"id": "doc3385", "text": "The FTC has issued an administrative complaint, and has also authorized staff to file a complaint requesting a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia pending an administrative trial on the merits of the complaint."}
{"id": "doc3386", "text": "According to the FTC, Edgewell, Harry’s, and market leader Procter & Gamble are among the few significant competitors in the U.S. market for the manufacture and sale of men’s and women’s wet shave razors. Edgewell is also the leading supplier of private label razors in the United States. The complaint alleges that, for many years, Edgewell and Procter & Gamble operated their respective Schick and Gillette brands of men’s razors, and Intuition/Hydro Silk and Venus brands of women’s razors, as a “comfortable duopoly” characterized by annual price increases that were not driven by changes in costs or demand."}
{"id": "doc3387", "text": "Harry’s launched as an Internet-only, direct-to-consumer wet shave brand, and in 2016, Harry’s entered into brick-and-mortar retail stores. The FTC says as a result of this new competitive threat, Procter & Gamble and Edgewell reduced prices and developed previously unavailable value-priced products, generating “significant benefits” for consumers. The FTC complaint alleges the proposed acquisition would eliminate competition among suppliers of wet shave razors and would “inflict significant harm” on consumers of razors across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc3388", "text": "“Harry’s is a uniquely disruptive competitor in the wet shave market, and it has forced its rivals to offer lower prices, and more options, to consumers across the country,” said Daniel Francis, deputy director of the FTC’s Bureau of Competition. “The Harry’s and Flamingo brands represent a significant and growing competitive threat to the two firms that have dominated the wet shaving market for decades. Edgewell’s effort to short-circuit competition by buying up its newer rival promises serious harm to consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc3389", "text": "Executives from both Edgewell and Harry’s have released public commentary critical of the Feb. 3 FTC decision."}
{"id": "doc3390", "text": "“We continue to believe the combination of our two companies would bring together complementary capabilities for the benefit of all stakeholders, including customers,” said Rod Little, president and CEO of Edgewell. “We will review the FTCs decision and respond in due course."}
{"id": "doc3391", "text": "We are disappointed that the FTC is attempting to block our combination with Edgewell and are evaluating the best path forward,” said Jeff Raider and Andy Katz-Mayfield, co-founders and co-CEOs of Harrys, Inc. “We believe strongly that the combined company will deliver exceptional brands and products at a great value and are determined to bring those benefits to consumers."}
{"id": "doc3392", "text": "UPS reportedly has reached an historic milestone in drone delivery."}
{"id": "doc3393", "text": "According to Business Insider, UPS is the first company to receive certification from the U.S. Department of Transportation to operate a drone airline throughout the country. This means that in cooperation with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), UPS can operate drones and make drone-based deliveries out of the line of operator sight and at nighttime, across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc3394", "text": "No other drone operator currently has this level of nationwide permission, known as full Part 135 certification. Google subsidiary Wing has partial Part 135 certification to operate drones in Christianburg, Va. Beginning in October, Wing will launch the first-ever pilot of on-demand retail drone delivery in the U.S. with Walgreens and FedEx in Christianburg. Currently, UPS is using drones to make healthcare deliveries at a large hospital in Raleigh, North Carolina. Due to weight restrictions of the drones it is currently using, UPS will initially focus on expanding drone delivery services to other hospitals. However, a UPS executive told Business Insider the delivery company will be examining the cost viability of eventually expanding its use of drones to other industries."}
{"id": "doc3395", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc3396", "text": "Walgreens is rolling out its on-demand delivery service well beyond the borders of New York City."}
{"id": "doc3397", "text": "Following a successful implementation of the Postmates on-demand delivery service for items available at select Walgreens stores in New York City and Brooklyn in October 2019, Walgreens and Postmates are now making the service available in 13 additional cities."}
{"id": "doc3398", "text": "Consumers in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Portland (Ore.), Washington, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and Houston can now get health and wellness and other convenience products, including select over-the-counter medications, delivered to them from Walgreens stores via Postmates."}
{"id": "doc3399", "text": "Convenience is becoming increasingly important to our shoppers. They are looking to retailers, like Walgreens, to help them save time in their busy lives, said Stefanie Kruse, VP, digital commerce and omnichannel at Walgreens. Its all about getting customers what they need, when and where is most convenient for them. We look forward to making our core product assortment available in these new cities through our expanded ongoing collaboration with Postmates, a leader in the industry providing on-demand delivery to customers, direct-to-their-door, or wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc3400", "text": "We are thrilled to expand delivery service from Walgreens stores to more cities, especially Los Angeles, where we are the market leader with more than 120% more market share than the closest competitor, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development at Postmates. The drug store/convenience category is one that customers turn to for convenience on the Postmates platform."}
{"id": "doc3401", "text": "Customers can order items available at more than 1,700 participating Walgreens stores, via the Postmates site or app. They will pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates membership service, Postmates Unlimited, for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc3402", "text": "Walgreens has been actively exploring on-demand delivery platforms since fall 2019. October 2019 also saw the drugstore giant went live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet."}
{"id": "doc3403", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc3404", "text": "Walgreens is rolling out its on-demand delivery service well beyond the borders of New York City."}
{"id": "doc3405", "text": "Following a successful implementation of the Postmates on-demand delivery service for items available at select Walgreens stores in New York City and Brooklyn in October 2019, Walgreens and Postmates are now making the service available in 13 additional cities."}
{"id": "doc3406", "text": "Consumers in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Portland (Ore.), Washington, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and Houston can now get health and wellness and other convenience products, including select over-the-counter medications, delivered to them from Walgreens stores via Postmates."}
{"id": "doc3407", "text": "Convenience is becoming increasingly important to our shoppers. They are looking to retailers, like Walgreens, to help them save time in their busy lives, said Stefanie Kruse, VP, digital commerce and omnichannel at Walgreens. Its all about getting customers what they need, when and where is most convenient for them. We look forward to making our core product assortment available in these new cities through our expanded ongoing collaboration with Postmates, a leader in the industry providing on-demand delivery to customers, direct-to-their-door, or wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc3408", "text": "We are thrilled to expand delivery service from Walgreens stores to more cities, especially Los Angeles, where we are the market leader with more than 120% more market share than the closest competitor, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development at Postmates. The drug store/convenience category is one that customers turn to for convenience on the Postmates platform."}
{"id": "doc3409", "text": "Customers can order items available at more than 1,700 participating Walgreens stores, via the Postmates site or app. They will pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates membership service, Postmates Unlimited, for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc3410", "text": "Walgreens has been actively exploring on-demand delivery platforms since fall 2019. October 2019 also saw the drugstore giant went live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet."}
{"id": "doc3411", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc3412", "text": "Walgreens is officially in flight with a pilot of on-demand drone deliveries in Virginia."}
{"id": "doc3413", "text": "As of Oct. 18, 2019, the drugstore giant is live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. (Prescription deliveries are not available in the pilot.) The very first drone-based delivery from Walgreens went to local residents Michael and Kelly Collver, who received a cough and cold pack including Tylenol, Halls cough drops, tissues, Emergen-C and bottled water."}
{"id": "doc3414", "text": "Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet. Launch of the pilot makes Walgreens the first retailer to offer on-demand drone delivery service in the U.S. The companies are running the test in conjunction with FedEx in Christiansburg, Va. "}
{"id": "doc3415", "text": "Eligible FedEx Express customers who live within designated delivery zones in Christiansburg, and who opt in to the Wing delivery service, can receive select packages via delivery drone. The location has been selected as the test market because Wing has been working with Virginia Tech in nearby Blacksburg, Va. to test drone delivery as part of the U.S. Department of Transportation’s integration pilot program since 2016. "}
{"id": "doc3416", "text": "Eligible customers in the Christiansburg area have access to more than 100 products and six pre-built “packs” of items via the Wing app. Customers can either choose the individual products they need or choose one of the pre-built packs in the following categories: allergy, baby, cough/cold, first aid, pain, and kids’ snacks"}
{"id": "doc3417", "text": "Wing received certification as a small airline from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in April 2019, allowing the company to charge money to perform actual drone-based deliveries to consumers."}
{"id": "doc3418", "text": "“Today is a great day for the future of consumer convenience.  We are excited to be the first U.S. retailer to provide on-demand drone delivery to customers in the Christiansburg community,” said Vish Sankaran, chief innovation officer, Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. “This industry-first drone delivery pilot with Wing expands our omnichannel offerings to provide customers the products they need wherever, whenever and however they may want them.”"}
{"id": "doc3419", "text": "Walgreens is officially in flight with a pilot of on-demand drone deliveries in Virginia."}
{"id": "doc3420", "text": "As of Oct. 18, 2019, the drugstore giant is live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. (Prescription deliveries are not available in the pilot.) The very first drone-based delivery from Walgreens went to local residents Michael and Kelly Collver, who received a cough and cold pack including Tylenol, Halls cough drops, tissues, Emergen-C and bottled water."}
{"id": "doc3421", "text": "Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet. Launch of the pilot makes Walgreens the first retailer to offer on-demand drone delivery service in the U.S. The companies are running the test in conjunction with FedEx in Christiansburg, Va. "}
{"id": "doc3422", "text": "Eligible FedEx Express customers who live within designated delivery zones in Christiansburg, and who opt in to the Wing delivery service, can receive select packages via delivery drone. The location has been selected as the test market because Wing has been working with Virginia Tech in nearby Blacksburg, Va. to test drone delivery as part of the U.S. Department of Transportation’s integration pilot program since 2016. "}
{"id": "doc3423", "text": "Eligible customers in the Christiansburg area have access to more than 100 products and six pre-built “packs” of items via the Wing app. Customers can either choose the individual products they need or choose one of the pre-built packs in the following categories: allergy, baby, cough/cold, first aid, pain, and kids’ snacks"}
{"id": "doc3424", "text": "Wing received certification as a small airline from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in April 2019, allowing the company to charge money to perform actual drone-based deliveries to consumers."}
{"id": "doc3425", "text": "“Today is a great day for the future of consumer convenience.  We are excited to be the first U.S. retailer to provide on-demand drone delivery to customers in the Christiansburg community,” said Vish Sankaran, chief innovation officer, Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. “This industry-first drone delivery pilot with Wing expands our omnichannel offerings to provide customers the products they need wherever, whenever and however they may want them.”"}
{"id": "doc3426", "text": "UPS reportedly has reached an historic milestone in drone delivery."}
{"id": "doc3427", "text": "According to Business Insider, UPS is the first company to receive certification from the U.S. Department of Transportation to operate a drone airline throughout the country. This means that in cooperation with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), UPS can operate drones and make drone-based deliveries out of the line of operator sight and at nighttime, across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc3428", "text": "No other drone operator currently has this level of nationwide permission, known as full Part 135 certification. Google subsidiary Wing has partial Part 135 certification to operate drones in Christianburg, Va. Beginning in October, Wing will launch the first-ever pilot of on-demand retail drone delivery in the U.S. with Walgreens and FedEx in Christianburg. Currently, UPS is using drones to make healthcare deliveries at a large hospital in Raleigh, North Carolina. Due to weight restrictions of the drones it is currently using, UPS will initially focus on expanding drone delivery services to other hospitals. However, a UPS executive told Business Insider the delivery company will be examining the cost viability of eventually expanding its use of drones to other industries."}
{"id": "doc3429", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc3430", "text": "Walgreens is rolling out its on-demand delivery service well beyond the borders of New York City."}
{"id": "doc3431", "text": "Following a successful implementation of the Postmates on-demand delivery service for items available at select Walgreens stores in New York City and Brooklyn in October 2019, Walgreens and Postmates are now making the service available in 13 additional cities."}
{"id": "doc3432", "text": "Consumers in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Portland (Ore.), Washington, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and Houston can now get health and wellness and other convenience products, including select over-the-counter medications, delivered to them from Walgreens stores via Postmates."}
{"id": "doc3433", "text": "Convenience is becoming increasingly important to our shoppers. They are looking to retailers, like Walgreens, to help them save time in their busy lives, said Stefanie Kruse, VP, digital commerce and omnichannel at Walgreens. Its all about getting customers what they need, when and where is most convenient for them. We look forward to making our core product assortment available in these new cities through our expanded ongoing collaboration with Postmates, a leader in the industry providing on-demand delivery to customers, direct-to-their-door, or wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc3434", "text": "We are thrilled to expand delivery service from Walgreens stores to more cities, especially Los Angeles, where we are the market leader with more than 120% more market share than the closest competitor, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development at Postmates. The drug store/convenience category is one that customers turn to for convenience on the Postmates platform."}
{"id": "doc3435", "text": "Customers can order items available at more than 1,700 participating Walgreens stores, via the Postmates site or app. They will pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates membership service, Postmates Unlimited, for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc3436", "text": "Walgreens has been actively exploring on-demand delivery platforms since fall 2019. October 2019 also saw the drugstore giant went live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet."}
{"id": "doc3437", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc3438", "text": "The era of drone delivery in retail is finally arriving, but what will it actually entail?"}
{"id": "doc3439", "text": "In recent weeks, both Walgreens and CVS have launched historic pilots of “store to door” on-demand drone delivery. Meanwhile, industry leaders like Amazon and Walmart are actively developing drone programs of their own. "}
{"id": "doc3440", "text": "The “dawn of the drone” is here, but how drone delivery will ultimately unfold in retail is anyone’s guess. Here are three of mine."}
{"id": "doc3441", "text": "Regulators, saddle upThe image of skies clouded with a constant stream of buzzing drones making deliveries day and night is like something out of a dystopian science fiction novel. Fortunately, science fiction is where that scenario will stay."}
{"id": "doc3442", "text": "Commercial drone flights are heavily regulated by the FAA. Even the broadest certification, which allows carriers to fly as many drones supported by as many operators as necessary to meet customer demand, still requires authorization for each individual delivery operation. The FAA is unlikely to grant delivery authorizations to the point drones are blocking the sun."}
{"id": "doc3443", "text": "In addition, drones are not the only autonomous delivery vehicle coming of age in retail. There has been far more activity in piloting ground-based deliveries via self-driving vehicles and robots, which will undoubtedly account for much of the driverless delivery traffic that appears to be heading our way."}
{"id": "doc3444", "text": "Think smallDrone delivery is complex. Drones must either land and take off in a very precise customer delivery zone (which could be as small as a front stoop) or hover while a package is lowered via winch or simply dropped. This will restrict where drone deliveries occur geographically. CVS has already said it is eyeing drone-based delivery of prescription medication as a useful service for rural areas where customers may not have convenient access to the nearest store."}
{"id": "doc3445", "text": "This complexity, combined with the size dimensions of drones, will also consign drone deliveries to smaller items. Drug stores, convenience stores and fast-food restaurants will be much more likely users of drones than consumer electronics or furniture chains."}
{"id": "doc3446", "text": "Higher standardsRight now, there is a dizzying array of drones available from a variety of manufacturers. Amazon is designing its own Prime Air drone models, while companies including Google subsidiary Wing Aviation and UPS partner/drone systems developer Matternet offer their own proprietary aircraft."}
{"id": "doc3447", "text": "Currently, there is little to no uniformity in drone design. The Wing Aviation drone in the Walgreens pilot resembles a grown-up version of a balsa wood flyer, while Amazon’s Prime Air prototype vaguely conjures the Imperial TIE fighters from “Star Wars” (note - I grew up playing with balsa wood flyers and “Star Wars” toys). "}
{"id": "doc3448", "text": "Inevitably, retailers will figure out what shapes and sizes best suit drone deliveries, and industry or even governmental standards bodies will likely arise. Whatever the future of drone delivery ultimately looks like, its appearance will have uniformity."}
{"id": "doc3449", "text": "Old Navy is teaming up with an on-demand delivery provider to offer same-day delivery during the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc3450", "text": "The department store chain is seasonally expanding its buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) service to enable customers to receive home delivery of online purchases. To participate, customers select the BOPIS option when checking out an order on the Old Navy website. When they receive the “ready for pickup” email, they click on same-day delivery, fill in their information, and then a Postmates driver will pick up the order at the store and deliver it."}
{"id": "doc3451", "text": "Same-day delivery is offered for select products in select stores in markets served by Postmates. Customers must live within a nine-mile radius of their local Old Navy store and have a Postmates account. Cost is $8.99, although same-day delivery will be offered free from Saturday, Dec. 21 – Monday, Dec. 23, and Postmates Unlimited members can receive free delivery all season long. "}
{"id": "doc3452", "text": "Online orders may be split so some items are picked up at the store and some are delivered. Shoppers need to take any returns to the store. Postmates will not process returns, but will provide customer service regarding same-day deliveries."}
{"id": "doc3453", "text": "Were always looking for ways to create an incredible shopping experience for our customers regardless of where, when and how they choose to shop with us. Last year, we launched buy online, pickup in-store, offering customers the option to pick up an online order in their local store within two hours, said Jamie Gersch, Old Navy global CMO. Partnering with Postmates to provide same-day, on-demand delivery creates an even deeper convenience proposition during the bustling holiday shopping season."}
{"id": "doc3454", "text": "The term Postmate It has become synonymous with on-demand delivery, and that includes clothing orders, which have grown 60% year-over-year on Postmates, said Eric Edge, senior VP, marketing and communications at Postmates. This partnership with Old Navy showcases the power of two important brands collaborating to meet the demand of consumers and evolve the way we shop. "}
{"id": "doc3455", "text": "Shoppers at Gap Inc. banners Banana Republic and Athleta have a new omnichannel fulfillment option."}
{"id": "doc3456", "text": "Timed for the arrival of peak holiday shopping season, Banana Republic and Athleta are both launching an buy-online-pickup-in-store service at all U.S. stores. Gap previously introduced BOPIS functionality at its Old Navy banner in summer 2018. "}
{"id": "doc3457", "text": "Utilizing the new service, a customer can check inventory at a local Banana Republic or Athleta store, buy items online, and pick up the purchase within five days, without worrying about shipping. Order updates can be sent by text or email. According to Gap, store teams who participated in the pilot reported add-on sales when customers came into to pick up their orders, adding to the ROI of the effort."}
{"id": "doc3458", "text": "Customers can now use BOPIS at Athleta and Banana Republic. The online BOPIS experience folds seamlessly into the current cross-brand shopping experience at all three e-commerce sites, which enables customers to make purchases using one shopping cart and one checkout. "}
{"id": "doc3459", "text": "“In a competitive retail environment, it’s more important than ever to meet the customers wherever and however they like to shop,” said Steve Peters, senior VP of Banana Republic Global Stores. “We’re very excited to add BOPIS to the options for purchase and pickup together with Athleta to make it easier for busy customers to be in and out and on their way.”"}
{"id": "doc3460", "text": "The parent company of Applebee’s and IHOP is providing new access to on-demand delivery."}
{"id": "doc3461", "text": "Dine Brands, which owns the Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar and IHOP casual dining chains, is partnering with the Postmates on-demand delivery platform. Postmates users can now order from both restaurants in the more than 3,500 cities across the U.S. where the delivery service operates."}
{"id": "doc3462", "text": "From the outset of the partnership, Dine Brands and Postmates will integrate delivery orders directly into Applebees and IHOPs POS systems, respectively. As a result, Dine Brands intends to streamline the order fulfillment process."}
{"id": "doc3463", "text": "Dine is committed to delivering exceptional dining experiences for our guests, whether they are enjoying our craveable meals at home or in our restaurants. We are proud to join forces with partners such as Postmates, who is aligned with our guest centric value, said Steve Joyce, CEO, Dine Brands."}
{"id": "doc3464", "text": "Both Applebees and IHOP are very popular on the Postmates platform, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development, Postmates. We are thrilled to provide customers access to these restaurants in the 3,500-plus cities we operate in and as we near the busy holiday season, there is no better time to Postmate it."}
{"id": "doc3465", "text": "Consumers can order from Applebees or IHOP via the Postmates site or mobile app. or download Postmates on iOS or Android. Customers can pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates Unlimited membership service for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc3466", "text": "Applebee’s is offering customers a variety of third-party delivery options. In August 2019, the retailer made online and mobile delivery available at participating locations via the DoorDash on-demand platform."}
{"id": "doc3467", "text": "Walgreens is rolling out its on-demand delivery service well beyond the borders of New York City."}
{"id": "doc3468", "text": "Following a successful implementation of the Postmates on-demand delivery service for items available at select Walgreens stores in New York City and Brooklyn in October 2019, Walgreens and Postmates are now making the service available in 13 additional cities."}
{"id": "doc3469", "text": "Consumers in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Portland (Ore.), Washington, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and Houston can now get health and wellness and other convenience products, including select over-the-counter medications, delivered to them from Walgreens stores via Postmates."}
{"id": "doc3470", "text": "Convenience is becoming increasingly important to our shoppers. They are looking to retailers, like Walgreens, to help them save time in their busy lives, said Stefanie Kruse, VP, digital commerce and omnichannel at Walgreens. Its all about getting customers what they need, when and where is most convenient for them. We look forward to making our core product assortment available in these new cities through our expanded ongoing collaboration with Postmates, a leader in the industry providing on-demand delivery to customers, direct-to-their-door, or wherever they are."}
{"id": "doc3471", "text": "We are thrilled to expand delivery service from Walgreens stores to more cities, especially Los Angeles, where we are the market leader with more than 120% more market share than the closest competitor, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development at Postmates. The drug store/convenience category is one that customers turn to for convenience on the Postmates platform."}
{"id": "doc3472", "text": "Customers can order items available at more than 1,700 participating Walgreens stores, via the Postmates site or app. They will pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates membership service, Postmates Unlimited, for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc3473", "text": "Walgreens has been actively exploring on-demand delivery platforms since fall 2019. October 2019 also saw the drugstore giant went live with a trial of “store to door” delivery of health and wellness, food and beverage and convenience items via drone delivery in Christianburg, Va. Walgreens is conducting the pilot in partnership with Wing Aviation, a subsidiary of Google parent company Alphabet."}
{"id": "doc3474", "text": "As of Aug. 31, 2018, Walgreens operates 9,560 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. "}
{"id": "doc3475", "text": "The CEO of Tapestry is staying put for a while and taking on direct oversight of the company’s biggest brand. "}
{"id": "doc3476", "text": "The luxury goods company, whose brands include Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, announced that Jide Zeitlin will continue as chairman and CEO for the next three years. It also said that Joshua Schulman, CEO and brand president of Coach, will leave the company after a transition period."}
{"id": "doc3477", "text": "During the search for Schulman’s successor, Zeitlin will have direct oversight of Coachs strategy and operations, working closely with the brands senior leadership team. Coach is Tapestry’s largest brand. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion in the company’s recently reported second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc3478", "text": "Zeitlin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, was elected to Tapestry’s board in spring 2006 and was named board chairman in fall 2014. He was tapped as CEO last September, following the abrupt departure of Victor Luis, with Tapestry stating that at the “appropriate time, Zeitlin, with his board colleagues, will lead a search for a future chief executive officer.”"}
{"id": "doc3479", "text": "Since becoming CEO, I have had the opportunity to immerse myself in the company, including leading an in-depth review of the brands and businesses,” stated Zeitlin. “The review revealed attractive growth opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, which we will unlock by further leveraging each brand’s differentiated positioning and strong consumer connections, powered by a modern, agile Tapestry platform.”"}
{"id": "doc3480", "text": "Tapestry has experienced a series of leadership changes. In February, Liz Fraser was appointed CEO and president of the struggling Kate Spade. In other changes, Giorgio Sarné, president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, was promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. And Yann Bozec, president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China, was also promoted — to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific — while continuing as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3481", "text": "The troubled Kate Spade brand is looking for a new chief executive to get the brand back on track.   "}
{"id": "doc3482", "text": "Tapestry, whose brands include Kate Spade, Coach and Staurt Weitzman, said that  Anna Bakst, CEO and brand president of Kate Spade, will depart the company at the end of the calendar year. Tapestry CFO Joanne Crevoiserat  will lead Kate Spade while the company searches for a new chief executive. "}
{"id": "doc3483", "text": "Bakst has been at the helm of Kate Spade since March 2018. She was brought in to turnaround the ailing brand, which has strugged to resonate with consumers  since it was acquired by Tapestry in 2017. But her efforts did not bear much fruit and Kate Spade’s sales have continued to slip.  In Tapestry’s most recent quarter, ended Sept. 28,  the brand’s global same-store sales were down 16%.  Sales fell 6% to $306 million compared to $325 million in the year-ago period. "}
{"id": "doc3484", "text": "Prior to joining Kate Spade, Bakst was group president of accessories and footwear at Michael Kors. She also spent 12 years at Donna Karan International. "}
{"id": "doc3485", "text": "“We thank Anna for the passion and commitment she has brought to her work at Kate Spade,” stated Jide Zeitlin, chairman and CEO of Tapestry.  “We are moving ahead quickly with a search process. Our strong Kate Spade leadership team, working with Joanne, will take the business forward aligned with Nicola Glass’s [Kate Spade creative director] creative vision. Quarter-to-date, Kate Spade’s performance is on track and we are confident in our ability to meet our holiday season goals.”"}
{"id": "doc3486", "text": "Zeitlin took the CEO reins at Tapestry in September following the departure of Victor Luis. "}
{"id": "doc3487", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc3488", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc3489", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc3490", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc3491", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc3492", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc3493", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc3494", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc3495", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc3496", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc3497", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc3498", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc3499", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3500", "text": "The CEO of Tapestry is staying put for a while and taking on direct oversight of the company’s biggest brand. "}
{"id": "doc3501", "text": "The luxury goods company, whose brands include Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, announced that Jide Zeitlin will continue as chairman and CEO for the next three years. It also said that Joshua Schulman, CEO and brand president of Coach, will leave the company after a transition period."}
{"id": "doc3502", "text": "During the search for Schulman’s successor, Zeitlin will have direct oversight of Coachs strategy and operations, working closely with the brands senior leadership team. Coach is Tapestry’s largest brand. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion in the company’s recently reported second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc3503", "text": "Zeitlin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, was elected to Tapestry’s board in spring 2006 and was named board chairman in fall 2014. He was tapped as CEO last September, following the abrupt departure of Victor Luis, with Tapestry stating that at the “appropriate time, Zeitlin, with his board colleagues, will lead a search for a future chief executive officer.”"}
{"id": "doc3504", "text": "Since becoming CEO, I have had the opportunity to immerse myself in the company, including leading an in-depth review of the brands and businesses,” stated Zeitlin. “The review revealed attractive growth opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, which we will unlock by further leveraging each brand’s differentiated positioning and strong consumer connections, powered by a modern, agile Tapestry platform.”"}
{"id": "doc3505", "text": "Tapestry has experienced a series of leadership changes. In February, Liz Fraser was appointed CEO and president of the struggling Kate Spade. In other changes, Giorgio Sarné, president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, was promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. And Yann Bozec, president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China, was also promoted — to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific — while continuing as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3506", "text": "The troubled Kate Spade brand is looking for a new chief executive to get the brand back on track.   "}
{"id": "doc3507", "text": "Tapestry, whose brands include Kate Spade, Coach and Staurt Weitzman, said that  Anna Bakst, CEO and brand president of Kate Spade, will depart the company at the end of the calendar year. Tapestry CFO Joanne Crevoiserat  will lead Kate Spade while the company searches for a new chief executive. "}
{"id": "doc3508", "text": "Bakst has been at the helm of Kate Spade since March 2018. She was brought in to turnaround the ailing brand, which has strugged to resonate with consumers  since it was acquired by Tapestry in 2017. But her efforts did not bear much fruit and Kate Spade’s sales have continued to slip.  In Tapestry’s most recent quarter, ended Sept. 28,  the brand’s global same-store sales were down 16%.  Sales fell 6% to $306 million compared to $325 million in the year-ago period. "}
{"id": "doc3509", "text": "Prior to joining Kate Spade, Bakst was group president of accessories and footwear at Michael Kors. She also spent 12 years at Donna Karan International. "}
{"id": "doc3510", "text": "“We thank Anna for the passion and commitment she has brought to her work at Kate Spade,” stated Jide Zeitlin, chairman and CEO of Tapestry.  “We are moving ahead quickly with a search process. Our strong Kate Spade leadership team, working with Joanne, will take the business forward aligned with Nicola Glass’s [Kate Spade creative director] creative vision. Quarter-to-date, Kate Spade’s performance is on track and we are confident in our ability to meet our holiday season goals.”"}
{"id": "doc3511", "text": "Zeitlin took the CEO reins at Tapestry in September following the departure of Victor Luis. "}
{"id": "doc3512", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc3513", "text": "Tapestry is partnering with managed services provider CenturyLink to transform its enterprise."}
{"id": "doc3514", "text": "The New York-based, multi-national luxury fashion holding company, which is the parent of brands including Coach New York, Kate Spade New York, and Stuart Weitzman, is migrating to the SAP S/4HANA ERP platform in an effort to gain greater IT agility. As part of its enterprise transformation strategy, Tapestry is implementing a solution that combines next-generation technology and services from CenturyLink and SAP on a global scale."}
{"id": "doc3515", "text": "A global platinum partner and reseller for SAP, CenturyLink will help Tapestry manage complex enterprise workloads in connection with its move to the S/4 HANA ERP platform. CenturyLink delivers a suite of SAP solutions and services, including support for SAP S/4HANA implementations and SAP solutions deployed on public and private clouds. These capabilities are designed to help companies execute successful implementations across hybrid IT environments."}
{"id": "doc3516", "text": "We are incredibly proud of the scope and scale of this implementation, said Michael Braine, CIO, Tapestry. The time to value has been without precedent, and CenturyLink played a key and irreplaceable role in making that happen. Thought leadership and the grit to turn challenging situations into success is what we have come to expect from CenturyLink."}
{"id": "doc3517", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc3518", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc3519", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc3520", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc3521", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc3522", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc3523", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc3524", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc3525", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc3526", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc3527", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc3528", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3529", "text": "The CEO of Tapestry is staying put for a while and taking on direct oversight of the company’s biggest brand. "}
{"id": "doc3530", "text": "The luxury goods company, whose brands include Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, announced that Jide Zeitlin will continue as chairman and CEO for the next three years. It also said that Joshua Schulman, CEO and brand president of Coach, will leave the company after a transition period."}
{"id": "doc3531", "text": "During the search for Schulman’s successor, Zeitlin will have direct oversight of Coachs strategy and operations, working closely with the brands senior leadership team. Coach is Tapestry’s largest brand. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion in the company’s recently reported second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc3532", "text": "Zeitlin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, was elected to Tapestry’s board in spring 2006 and was named board chairman in fall 2014. He was tapped as CEO last September, following the abrupt departure of Victor Luis, with Tapestry stating that at the “appropriate time, Zeitlin, with his board colleagues, will lead a search for a future chief executive officer.”"}
{"id": "doc3533", "text": "Since becoming CEO, I have had the opportunity to immerse myself in the company, including leading an in-depth review of the brands and businesses,” stated Zeitlin. “The review revealed attractive growth opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, which we will unlock by further leveraging each brand’s differentiated positioning and strong consumer connections, powered by a modern, agile Tapestry platform.”"}
{"id": "doc3534", "text": "Tapestry has experienced a series of leadership changes. In February, Liz Fraser was appointed CEO and president of the struggling Kate Spade. In other changes, Giorgio Sarné, president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, was promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. And Yann Bozec, president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China, was also promoted — to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific — while continuing as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3535", "text": "The CEO of Tapestry is staying put for a while and taking on direct oversight of the company’s biggest brand. "}
{"id": "doc3536", "text": "The luxury goods company, whose brands include Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, announced that Jide Zeitlin will continue as chairman and CEO for the next three years. It also said that Joshua Schulman, CEO and brand president of Coach, will leave the company after a transition period."}
{"id": "doc3537", "text": "During the search for Schulman’s successor, Zeitlin will have direct oversight of Coachs strategy and operations, working closely with the brands senior leadership team. Coach is Tapestry’s largest brand. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion in the company’s recently reported second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc3538", "text": "Zeitlin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, was elected to Tapestry’s board in spring 2006 and was named board chairman in fall 2014. He was tapped as CEO last September, following the abrupt departure of Victor Luis, with Tapestry stating that at the “appropriate time, Zeitlin, with his board colleagues, will lead a search for a future chief executive officer.”"}
{"id": "doc3539", "text": "Since becoming CEO, I have had the opportunity to immerse myself in the company, including leading an in-depth review of the brands and businesses,” stated Zeitlin. “The review revealed attractive growth opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, which we will unlock by further leveraging each brand’s differentiated positioning and strong consumer connections, powered by a modern, agile Tapestry platform.”"}
{"id": "doc3540", "text": "Tapestry has experienced a series of leadership changes. In February, Liz Fraser was appointed CEO and president of the struggling Kate Spade. In other changes, Giorgio Sarné, president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, was promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. And Yann Bozec, president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China, was also promoted — to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific — while continuing as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3541", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc3542", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc3543", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc3544", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc3545", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc3546", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc3547", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc3548", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc3549", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc3550", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc3551", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc3552", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc3553", "text": "The troubled Kate Spade brand is looking for a new chief executive to get the brand back on track.   "}
{"id": "doc3554", "text": "Tapestry, whose brands include Kate Spade, Coach and Staurt Weitzman, said that  Anna Bakst, CEO and brand president of Kate Spade, will depart the company at the end of the calendar year. Tapestry CFO Joanne Crevoiserat  will lead Kate Spade while the company searches for a new chief executive. "}
{"id": "doc3555", "text": "Bakst has been at the helm of Kate Spade since March 2018. She was brought in to turnaround the ailing brand, which has strugged to resonate with consumers  since it was acquired by Tapestry in 2017. But her efforts did not bear much fruit and Kate Spade’s sales have continued to slip.  In Tapestry’s most recent quarter, ended Sept. 28,  the brand’s global same-store sales were down 16%.  Sales fell 6% to $306 million compared to $325 million in the year-ago period. "}
{"id": "doc3556", "text": "Prior to joining Kate Spade, Bakst was group president of accessories and footwear at Michael Kors. She also spent 12 years at Donna Karan International. "}
{"id": "doc3557", "text": "“We thank Anna for the passion and commitment she has brought to her work at Kate Spade,” stated Jide Zeitlin, chairman and CEO of Tapestry.  “We are moving ahead quickly with a search process. Our strong Kate Spade leadership team, working with Joanne, will take the business forward aligned with Nicola Glass’s [Kate Spade creative director] creative vision. Quarter-to-date, Kate Spade’s performance is on track and we are confident in our ability to meet our holiday season goals.”"}
{"id": "doc3558", "text": "Zeitlin took the CEO reins at Tapestry in September following the departure of Victor Luis. "}
{"id": "doc3559", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc3560", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc3561", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3562", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc3563", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc3564", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc3565", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc3566", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3567", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc3568", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc3569", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc3570", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc3571", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc3572", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc3573", "text": "Amazon is making the technology supporting its Amazon Go checkout-free store format available to other retailers – for a price."}
{"id": "doc3574", "text": "The e-tail giant is now selling its “Just Walk Out” technology platform to enable other retailers to offer a cashierless shopping experience. The platform combines computer vision, sensor fusion, and machine-learning algorithms."}
{"id": "doc3575", "text": "Unlike the Just Walk Out experience at Amazon Go convenience and grocery locations, where customers identify themselves by scanning an app, the licensed version will have customers announce themselves with a credit card. According to Reuters, customers will insert a credit card into a gated turnstile marked with a “Just Walk Out technology by Amazon” logo."}
{"id": "doc3576", "text": "The rest of the shopping experience will be the same as the Amazon Go location, with items that customers pick up automatically added to a virtual shopping cart. If they return an item to a shelf, it is removed from their virtual cart. Their credit card will be billed for any items they take with them when they leave the store, without having to scan a barcode or wait in a checkout line. "}
{"id": "doc3577", "text": "To obtain a receipt, shoppers can enter their email address at a kiosk in the store and receive an email receipt. If they then use the same credit card at that or any other Just Walk Out-enabled store, they will automatically receive an email receipt."}
{"id": "doc3578", "text": "Amazon will work with retailers to install hardware for Just Walk Out, such as cameras and sensors, at existing stores while “minimizing impact” on operations or to include it in construction plans for new and remodeled stores. The e-tailer says installation can take as little as “a few weeks” from when it gains access to a store. Amazon says it will offer “all necessary technologies” and a 24/7 customer support line. "}
{"id": "doc3579", "text": "The company advises that Just Walk Out-enabled stores will still need human associates to perform tasks such as greeting customers, stocking shelves, and checking IDs for certain products. Amazon says it will only collect the data needed to provide an accurate receipt."}
{"id": "doc3580", "text": "“Do customers like standing in lines?” Dilip Kumar, Amazon VP of physical retail and technology, said to Reuters. “This has pretty broad applicability across store sizes, across industries, because it fundamentally tackles a problem of how do you get convenience in physical locations, especially when people are hard-pressed for time.”"}
{"id": "doc3581", "text": "Amazon did not offer estimates of how many retailers might want to implement Just Walk Out at their own stores or what the technology will cost. "}
{"id": "doc3582", "text": "Amazon opened its first Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, and its first Amazon Go Grocery location in February 2020."}
{"id": "doc3583", "text": "Ikea customers in Dubai are receiving store credit for time they spend en route."}
{"id": "doc3584", "text": "According to Forbes, the Swedish home furnishings giant is piloting a program called “Buy With Your Time” at its three stores in Dubai. The offering enables customers who visit an Ikea store to display their Google Maps timeline on their mobile device to checkout. Ikea then provides a certain amount of reward dollars they can put toward their purchase, based on how long the customer had to travel to reach the store."}
{"id": "doc3585", "text": "Products on display in Ikea’s Dubai stores now feature “time currency” price tags. The amount of credit given for time spent traveling to the store is based on the average salary in Dubai. Reportedly, customers can receive store credit for all the time they have ever spent traveling to Ikea stores which can be verified via Google Maps."}
{"id": "doc3586", "text": "Before the birth of this campaign, we realized two things,” an Ikea spokesperson is quoted as saying. “Time is precious today, and many loyal Ikea customers spend a significant chunk of it visiting our locations, which are sometimes away from the city center. We think it’s only right to reward our customers’ efforts by repaying them for the time spent reaching us. It’s our way of helping the Dubai community make the most of every minute."}
{"id": "doc3587", "text": "It is not clear if Google is an active partner in this promotion. To read the full article, click here. "}
{"id": "doc3588", "text": "Amazon’s new health care initiative reportedly seeks a cure for a highly contagious virus that is not COVID-19."}
{"id": "doc3589", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon is the latest entity to pursue a cure for the virus which causes the common cold. The e-tailer is said to have more than 100 people, including scientists and technologists, attempting to develop an effective vaccine and/or treatment within the Amazon Web Services Grand Challenge research division."}
{"id": "doc3590", "text": "The project is reportedly nicknamed “Project Gesundheit.” Amazon has never formally admitted to the existence of Grand Challenge, which works on solving major issues affecting humanity, including health care. "}
{"id": "doc3591", "text": "Amazon has been making a wide variety of inroads into health care in the past year These include the PillPack pharmaceutical delivery service, as well as its Amazon Care virtual health service currently available to employees at the e-tailer’s Seattle headquarters."}
{"id": "doc3592", "text": "Meanwhile, top competitor Walmart is piloting a stand-alone Walmart Health healthcare center format, and is reportedly negotiating with Verizon to provide 5G networking services that would support in-store health hubs at all of the discounter’s U.S. stores."}
{"id": "doc3593", "text": "Data from Carvana reveals a surprising age group is buying a lot of used vehicles online."}
{"id": "doc3594", "text": "According to analysis of 2019 sales data from the online platform for buying and selling used vehicles, millennials accounted for a leading 46% of total sales during the year. However, Gen X came in second place with 32%. This figure substantially exceeded the percentage of sales represented by the more tech-savvy (though also less financially secure) Gen Z (11%). "}
{"id": "doc3595", "text": "More expectedly, baby boomers represented the lowest share of sales for the year (10%). In addition, men (57%) represented a larger share of Carvana’s 2019 sales than women (43%).   "}
{"id": "doc3596", "text": "Honda and Nissan figured prominently both in the makes and models of cars customers were buying and selling or trading in. The most-purchased vehicle in 2019 was the Nissan Altima, followed by the Honda Civic, Nissan Sentra, Hyundai Elantra, and Chevy Equinox. The most sold/traded-in vehicles were the Honda Civic, Ford Mustang, Honda Accord, Honda CRV, and Ford F150."}
{"id": "doc3597", "text": "However, the fastest-selling cars measured by average time between listing and sale were the Volkswagen Passat (nine minutes), Ram 1500 (10 minutes), and Ford Escape (13 minutes). Interestingly, the most-searched term for the year, “Toyota,” was not included among the top- or fastest-selling vehicles."}
{"id": "doc3598", "text": "In addition, Carvana received the most online traffic on Monday evenings, while the most popular day for consumers to shop a physical auto dealership is typically Saturday."}
{"id": "doc3599", "text": "[Editor’s note – statistics for generational sales total less than 100% due to rounding.] "}
{"id": "doc3600", "text": "Poor product quality is not the only factor that erodes consumer trust in a brand."}
{"id": "doc3601", "text": "According to U.S. findings of a new global consumer survey from online marketing platform Bazaarvoice, after losing trust in a brand, 85% of respondents will avoid using the brand again. The most common way respondents indicated a brand could lose their trust was by products being poor quality/damaging easily (66%), followed by receiving dishonest brand/product information (55%)."}
{"id": "doc3602", "text": "More than four in 10 (43%) respondents said a brand having fake and fraudulent reviews would cause them to lose trust. In some good news, if a customer still trusts a brand, 57% said they would buy from that brand again after one negative product experience. "}
{"id": "doc3603", "text": "The survey also reveals the authenticity of a brand’s reviews can affect its bottom line. If a shopper suspects a product to have fake reviews, 31% said they would not buy the product, 28% would not trust other reviews, and 26% would not trust the brand. "}
{"id": "doc3604", "text": "Diving deeper into consumer opinions about fake reviews, when asked what makes them most suspicious that a product may have fake reviews, respondents cited seeing multiple reviews with similar wording (59%), the review content not matching the product (50%), and an overwhelming number of five-star ratings/positive reviews (35%). "}
{"id": "doc3605", "text": "The majority (73%) of respondents believe the retail industry needs new standards to combat fake reviews. They think these new rules should require that only customers who made verified purchases should be able to post reviews (42%), all products be tried and tested among legitimate consumers before launch (34%), and daily monitoring of customer content be done to weed out fake reviews (27%). "}
{"id": "doc3606", "text": "On average, respondents believe that an appropriate level of punishment for brands in breach of these standards is a fine of 14.7% of their annual revenue. As a point of reference, survey respondents were told that in data privacy, the penalty for breaking the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) can be up to 4% of revenue. Respondents still felt stronger penalizations were needed for brands violating consumer trust with fake reviews."}
{"id": "doc3607", "text": "Findings were taken from U.S. survey responses from more than 10,000 consumers in the U.S., U.K., France, Germany, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc3608", "text": "The coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting consumer behavior and creating problems on third-party marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc3609", "text": "According to data from omnichannel commerce platform Bloomreach, during the week of Feb. 23-29, revenue sales for masks increased 590% from the week prior. Other products receiving substantial week-over-week bumps in revenue sales included hand sanitizers (420%), Clorox/Lysol wipes (184%), canned food (183%), disinfectants (178%), bottled/packaged water (78%), hand soap (33%), and toilet paper/paper towel (26%)."}
{"id": "doc3610", "text": "Bloomreach pulled this global sales data (with a strong U.S. showing) from its customer base, which includes 250-plus retailers. "}
{"id": "doc3611", "text": "In addition, a recent survey from First Insight demonstrates consumers are changing some shopping behaviors as a result of the coronavirus, with generational variations. Overall, 35% of respondents have cut back on spending in preparation for the impact of the coronavirus, with millennials (40%) and Gen Z (41%) cutting back the most compared to baby boomers (23%) and Gen X (36%)."}
{"id": "doc3612", "text": "A little more than one in five (22%) of respondents say they are buying more products in anticipation of the spread of the virus, with grocery leading as the top product consumers are buying more of (19%). This is followed by household products and personal care items at 13%, health products at 12%, and beauty products at 7%."}
{"id": "doc3613", "text": "About three in 10 (29%) of respondents say they are taking advantage of BOPIS services and curbside (18%) pickup to get products without going in-store. By generation, Gen Z leads in taking advantage of BOPIS (47%) with millennials favoring curbside pickup (30%)."}
{"id": "doc3614", "text": "Furthermore, as result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online. Roughly half (49%) of respondents say that due to the coronavirus outbreak, they are concerned about receiving apparel or other products that were produced in impacted areas such as China."}
{"id": "doc3615", "text": "With a virus-related surge in demand for products such as cleaning supplies and hand sanitizers, perhaps it is not surprising that the Wall Street Journal reports third-party marketplaces operated by retailers such as Amazon and Walmart face sellers charging unreasonable prices for these items."}
{"id": "doc3616", "text": "Amazon has reportedly been removing tens of thousands of overpriced products from its marketplace and is also taking action against third-party sellers who make false or unsubstantiated claims about a product’s ability to counteract the coronavirus. According to the Journal, as recently as Wednesday, March 5 Amazon Marketplace featured products such as containers of disinfectant wipes and hand sanitizer for up to five or six times normal cost. "}
{"id": "doc3617", "text": "“There is no place for false claims and price gouging on Amazon,” Dharmesh Mehta, Amazon’s VP of worldwide customer trust and partner support, is quoted as saying at a March 5 consumer-protection hearing in Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc3618", "text": "In addition, the Journal reports online marketplaces run by Walmart, eBay, and Facebook have all been experiencing third-party sellers ratcheting up prices on virus-related items. Chain Store Age has reached out to Walmart for comment."}
{"id": "doc3619", "text": "An online discount platform is providing some exclusive offers for International Women’s Day."}
{"id": "doc3620", "text": "RetailMeNot is launching We Shop With Her, an initiative to encourage shoppers to support female-led and founded brands in celebration of International Womens Day (Sunday, March 8). The savings website and app will provide exclusive cash-back offers for women-owned brands such Tory Burch, Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Kate Spade, and Birchbox."}
{"id": "doc3621", "text": "Through March 8, shoppers can visit the RetailMeNot We Shop With Her page to find limited-time savings opportunities in different categories like beauty, fashion, health, and home décor. In addition, Austin, Texas-based RetailMeNot will donate to the Womens Fund at the Austin Community Foundation and the Ann Richards School for Young Women Leaders."}
{"id": "doc3622", "text": "As a woman in a leadership role at a technology company, its inspiring to see more and more females dominating top positions in the space,” said Marissa Tarleton, CEO at RetailMeNot. “I believe it is important to offer our support and encouragement to those who have paved and continue to pave the road for future generations. RetailMeNot is all about helping shoppers save money every day at their favorite retailers, restaurants, and even pharmacies, and if we can offer a convenient way for people to shop, save and support women on International Womens Day, we will."}
{"id": "doc3623", "text": "Other We Shop With Her retailers include Athleta, Baggu, Fabletics, Glossier, Houzz, Lily Pulitzer, Loeffler Randall, Nasty Gal, Outdoor Voices, Rent the Runway, Spanx, Tarte Cosmetics The Body Shop, The Honest Company, Third Love, and Wildfang."}
{"id": "doc3624", "text": "Other retailers are also launching special online promotions in conjunction with International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month (which lasts throughout March). Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge, a collaborative, curated online assortment and shopping experience focused on female-owned businesses. DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment with a themed event series and podcast."}
{"id": "doc3625", "text": "An e-tail giant and a luxury fashion brand are curating an online assortment and shopping experience that honor Women’s History Month."}
{"id": "doc3626", "text": "Coinciding with both Women’s History Month in March and International Women’s Day (Sunday, March 8), Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge. Through the new collaborative Amazon x #InCharge site, customers will be able to read the stories of inspiring women business owners, shop their products, and see DVF founder Diane von Furstenberg’s favorite books by female authors."}
{"id": "doc3627", "text": "A few of the female-owned businesses that will be featured include Cora, OBIA Naturals, and PiperWai. The product assortment varies from women’s health ad beauty care items to apparel to personal electronics. The site also features select branded “Women In Charge” products, such as totes, jewelry and T-shirts, from DVF."}
{"id": "doc3628", "text": "In addition, Amazon is offering a curated collection of items from female artisans on its Amazon Handmade microsite for handcrafted items and featuring women-owned startups on its Amazon Launchpad marketplace."}
{"id": "doc3629", "text": "“I am thrilled to work with Amazon to highlight women-led businesses and share their stories with millions of Amazon customers in celebration of International Women’s Day. As part of this first-of-its kind initiative, I’m also excited to launch an exclusive collection of #InCharge merchandise available to Amazon customers during Women’s History Month,” said Diane von Furstenberg."}
{"id": "doc3630", "text": "DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment. The collaboration includes The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF New York flagship store throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc3631", "text": "Mastercard is also placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc3632", "text": "To win the hearts of customers, e-commerce retailers need to minimize one particular cost."}
{"id": "doc3633", "text": "According to the fourth annual “Reimagining Commerce” global survey from omnichannel marketing platform provider Episerver, a leading 76% of respondents would be dissuaded from making a planned online purchase if shipping was too expensive. This response was significantly more popular than the next two most popular reasons – slow website load times (57%) and bad product descriptions (52%)."}
{"id": "doc3634", "text": "Not surprisingly considering attitudes toward shipping cost, a substantial majority of consumers now expect free online shipping. Breaking down responses by country, the study found that 82% of U.S. consumers expect free shipping (the most of any country surveyed). Free returns (55%) and ability to track shipments (51%) followed."}
{"id": "doc3635", "text": "Other key findings taken from global responses include:"}
{"id": "doc3636", "text": "•    53% of those who said they shop online every day rely on their smartphones. Of the most frequent shoppers (once per day), nearly half (48%) have significantly increased their reliance on their smartphones for shopping in the last year. •    Well over half of millennials (58%) default to smartphones when shopping online, followed by Gen Z at 49%, Gen X at 48% and baby boomers at just 18%. "}
{"id": "doc3637", "text": "•    On average, one-fifth of consumers have made purchases directly because of a social media influencer’s product post. But 50% of Gen Z shoppers and 48% of millennials have purchased products either directly by clicking on a post or later on as a result of the influencer’s endorsement. "}
{"id": "doc3638", "text": "•    62% of respondents feel that companies should place the same priority on personalized experiences in 2020 as they did in 2019. At the same time, 25% feel that brands and retailers should make respecting their anonymity online a higher priority. "}
{"id": "doc3639", "text": "•    Over 80% of respondents in each of the five countries surveyed said they’re most likely to be on the couch when shopping online."}
{"id": "doc3640", "text": "“Reimagining Commerce” is based on a survey of more than 4,500 online shoppers across the U.S., U.K., Australia, Germany, and Sweden."}
{"id": "doc3641", "text": "The latest subscription retailer is a legendary Bay Area thrash metal group."}
{"id": "doc3642", "text": "Metallica is launching the “Metallica Vinyl Club,” an online retail subscription service. To join the club, subscribers must first become members of Metallica’s free Fifth Member fan club. The subscription contains four vinyl records (including rare and otherwise unavailable songs), a seven-inch vinyl single, a digital download card, physical membership card, and additional releases of collectibles such as stickers and posters. Subscriptions cost $49 per year, with the option of receiving four separate shipments per year or one combined shipment at year’s end. Both options contain the same merchandise."}
{"id": "doc3643", "text": "Customers can join the club for the 2020 subscription period by Tuesday, March 31. Afterward, they will not be able to join until the 2021 subscription period opens. Metallica is capitalizing on the growing trend of vinyl music sales, which according to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) rose 12.8% in the second half of 2018 and 12.9% in the first half of 2019."}
{"id": "doc3644", "text": "In addition, Metallica is launching a subscription club as the format is becoming a popular e-commerce option for retailers in verticals including apparel, beauty, health-and-fitness, and quick-service food. Rock bands are a less common participant in the subscription space, but famous groups are increasingly exploring the retail vertical. In the past year, both The Beatles and The Rolling Stones have opened limited-time, physical pop-up stores in New York, Los Angeles, and Miami."}
{"id": "doc3645", "text": "A Michigan-based health insurer is enabling some members to buy select items via Amazon."}
{"id": "doc3646", "text": "Priority Health now allows members who are part of a commercial group or individual health plan to order and pay for eligible products using health savings accounts (HSA) and flexible spending accounts (FSA) through its Amazon storefront. Priority Health is among the first health insurers in Michigan to collaborate with Amazon on an HSA and FSA-eligible storefront."}
{"id": "doc3647", "text": "Through the company’s branded storefront on Amazon, Priority Health members will be able to shop from thousands of HAS- and FSA-eligible items, ranging from bandages to contact solution, and place their orders. Members who already use Amazon can add the eligible items to their existing carts. "}
{"id": "doc3648", "text": "Additionally, members can choose to add their HSA and/or FSA debit cards to their Amazon account for streamlined payment and reimbursement paperwork. If members elect to not add their HSA or FSA card to their account, they can still make purchases via the Priority Health Amazon storefront and submit receipts for reimbursement."}
{"id": "doc3649", "text": "“Priority Health continues to seek out ways for our members to get more for their money by providing health insurance built around their unique needs,” said Carrie Kincaid, VP, individual markets at Priority Health. “By collaborating with Amazon, we are able to offer quick and easy home delivery of items to improve the lives of our members.”"}
{"id": "doc3650", "text": "Direct-to-consumer (DTC) brands must overcome a familiar foe to thrive with consumers."}
{"id": "doc3651", "text": "According to the 2020 DTC Hype Report from digital commerce platform Scalefast and research firm YouGov, 43% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because of the cheaper and/or free shipping options that are available. Another 36% would choose Amazon because the shipping is faster, while one-third (33%) would choose to shop on Amazon because of Amazon Prime perks like shipping options, auto-fulfillment, and coupons. "}
{"id": "doc3652", "text": "In addition, 30% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because it’s easier to make a purchase, and 28% would select Amazon because it’s easier to make a return. "}
{"id": "doc3653", "text": "When asked to compare DTC brands to traditional retailers, roughly one in five (19%) respondents familiar with DTCs believe that they are more likely to be ahead-of or on-trend, and one in seven (14%) believe that DTC companies are more technologically forward. "}
{"id": "doc3654", "text": "Furthermore, almost 15% of respondents familiar with DTC brands believe that they have a better user experience (12.56%) and higher quality products (13.2%) than traditional retailers. However, almost one in six (15.49%) still believe that it’s riskier to buy from a DTC brand than a traditional retailer. In good news for DTCs, the survey indicates opportunities to attract customers with merchandising, branding, and customer experience: •    38% of respondents familiar with a DTC brand would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was made in the U.S.•    30% of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was sustainably made.•    Almost two in 10 (18.24%) of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the company had a cause-oriented mission.•    26% say that stronger payment security and efforts would improve the DTC shopping experience.•    Over two in 10 (21.86%) say that they would like to see same-day delivery options incorporated into the DTC companies they choose to use.•    16% want DTC companies to adopt a seamless experience across devices to improve experience. “Our research showed that while some consumers know of and buy from DTCs, this new retail category is a blurred line in the minds of most consumers,” said Olivier Schott, founder of Scalefast. “If DTC brands want to become the new normal in retail, they need to learn from traditional retail mistakes, decide if Amazon is worth the risk and adapt to a changing customer that is more sensitive to concerns like their payment security to where a product is made than ever before.”"}
{"id": "doc3655", "text": "Scalefast commissioned YouGov Plc to conduct an online poll of a representative sample of 1,352 U.S. adults."}
{"id": "doc3656", "text": "A discount grocer is providing Amazon payment and pickup options in select stores."}
{"id": "doc3657", "text": "Save A Lot is rolling out the Amazon PayCode cash payment service and Amazon Hub Locker secure pickup/return option at its stores in St. Louis. The retailer plans to expand the availability of these Amazon offerings to over 400 stores by the end of 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3658", "text": "Through Amazon PayCode, shoppers provide payment information to Western Union (who is partnering with Amazon to offer the service), and are sent a QR code which they can use to pay for their Amazon order in cash. Amazon then ships the order normally."}
{"id": "doc3659", "text": "Save A Lot is also offering Amazon Hub Locker, a secure delivery option to pick up or return Amazon packages at no additional cost. After shopping on Amazon.com, customers proceed to checkout and select a locker at the nearest Save A Lot as their shipping address. Once their package is ready for pickup, customers will receive an e-mail along with a barcode that they can use to pick up their package during store hours."}
{"id": "doc3660", "text": "Since 2016, Save A Lot has been making efforts to transform its business model, including the modernization of its entire store fleet in St. Louis as well as looking at new options for customer-facing digital technologies."}
{"id": "doc3661", "text": "This rollout demonstrates our intent to be the most convenient neighborhood grocery option for our customers, said Reid Tuenge, senior VP, retail operations at Save A Lot. By offering services like Amazon PayCode, were helping to expand our customers digital access—all in one convenient location. Not only can they pay for Amazon purchases either as a standalone transaction or as part of their regular grocery shop, but they can also pick up their packages securely in store."}
{"id": "doc3662", "text": "Founded in 1977, Save A Lot is headquartered in Earth City, Mo. and operates nearly 1,200 corporate and licensed stores in 33 states and 14 wholesale distribution centers. "}
{"id": "doc3663", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc3664", "text": "Holiday shipping volume is significantly up and a new study examines retailers’ ability to respond."}
{"id": "doc3665", "text": "According to analysis of 2.5 billion shipping events and tens of millions of packages shipped during the Black Friday/Cyber Monday weekend by last-mile delivery technology provider Convey Inc., retailers are on track to meet shoppers high expectations for smooth delivery experiences this holiday season. Convey has reached this finding even with shipping volume for the first official weekend of the holiday season increasing 27% from the same period in 2018."}
{"id": "doc3666", "text": "Increased shipping volume is in line with overall spending for the Thanksgiving weekend, when retailers saw online sales jump more than 19% on both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Negative customer feedback is 28% lower for the 2019 holiday season, as 41% of Black Friday shipment feedback was negative. During the same time period in 2018, 57% of feedback was negative.  "}
{"id": "doc3667", "text": "Focusing on carrier performance, Convey found that exceptions (defined as a temporary delay in transit) are down 17% year-over-year. Convey data shows 9.5% of all packages shipped since Thanksgiving experienced an exception, which is a decrease from 11.1% in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc3668", "text": "On-time percentage for shipments that went out on the five days of Cyber Week (Thanksgiving Day Nov. 28 – Cyber Monday Dec. 2) improved by 7% in 2019 for the top three carriers. Almost nine out of 10 packages (89.3%) arrived within their original estimated delivery date, up from 82.3% during the prior-year period."}
{"id": "doc3669", "text": "On-time percentages for the five days of Cyber Week for the USPS & FedEx parcel carriers improved this year. Eighty-eight percent of FedEx shipments arrived within their original estimated delivery date, up from 80% during the same period in 2018. UPS fared better than FedEx with 91.6% of shipments arriving within their estimated delivery date, up from 86% a year earlier."}
{"id": "doc3670", "text": "MegaFood aims to drive growth via recurring customer relationships."}
{"id": "doc3671", "text": "The provider of environmentally/socially sustainable vitamins and supplements has introduced a subscription program. The program is supported by Ordergroove’s relationship commerce platform, built on Salesforce Commerce Cloud. Within the first week of initial launch, Megafood saw more than 25% of our daily shoppers convert from one-time buyers to recurring customers."}
{"id": "doc3672", "text": "MegaFood is leveraging a new Ordergroove integration for Commerce Cloud. The integration includes a pre-built integration cartridge that enables automatic syncing of product and customer data and instant creation of a consumer self-management dashboard, self-service retailer tools for managing and monitoring programs, and authentication and advanced encryption service (AES) encryption for secure transmission of customer and payment data via web services, including an authenticated endpoint in Commerce Cloud enabling Ordergroove to place subscription orders on behalf of subscribers."}
{"id": "doc3673", "text": "“Offering convenient, personalized shopping experiences is paramount as we look to grow our loyal customer base,” said Mario Protano, director of direct-to-consumer and digital marketing, MegaFood. “Ordergroove’s expert capabilities and experience are enabling us to deliver the value and convenience our consumers are seeking.”"}
{"id": "doc3674", "text": "Specialty health-and-wellness retailer The Vitamin Shoppe recently launched Only Me, a personalized online assessment that delivers a custom assortment of vitamins and supplements to participating subscribers each month. "}
{"id": "doc3675", "text": "A sharp increase in e-commerce during Q4 2019 led to other positive outcomes for digital retailers."}
{"id": "doc3676", "text": "According to analysis from Salesforce, on a year-over-year basis, traffic to e-commerce sites grew 13% in Q4 2019. In addition, digital commerce rose 14% while shopper spend increased 1%. "}
{"id": "doc3677", "text": "Mobile devices were a major factor driving e-commerce growth. Year-over-year, mobile purchases grew by 38% in Q4, with an average of 54% of digital orders driven by mobile devices. During certain high-volume days over the holiday shopping season, this figure peaked well over 60%. "}
{"id": "doc3678", "text": "According to Salesforce, the increased prevalence of mobile wallet solutions (such as Apple Pay and PayPal) is contributing to changing shopper behaviors. In addition, Salesforce says the overall mobile shopping experiences are now more seamless and frictionless. Mobile shoppers offer digital retailers at least one advantage: mobile cart abandonment rates for the quarter measured 87%, the lowest rate recorded during the last nine quarters."}
{"id": "doc3679", "text": "Digital traffic from social channels also reached new heights, breaking the double-digit barrier for the first time with mobile traffic from social channels topping 10% on peak days during the holiday season. Thirty-four percent of Gen Z shoppers report they seek out shopping inspiration from social media. "}
{"id": "doc3680", "text": "Salesforce analyzed data from 1.9 billion visits from 500 million-plus shoppers at over 1,000 e-commerce sites during Q4 2019."}
{"id": "doc3681", "text": "Smartphones drove double-digit increases in online holiday revenue and traffic."}
{"id": "doc3682", "text": "According to the Adobe 2019 Holiday Recap Report, consumers spent $142.5 billion during November and December 2019, up 13.1% year-over-year. Smartphones drove nearly all (84%) of the online sales growth during the period, accounting for 36% of online revenue (up 21% year-over-year) and also accounting for 58% of traffic to retail sites (up 14% year-over-year)."}
{"id": "doc3683", "text": "However, desktop still led smartphones in rate of completed checkouts per 100 visits, 5.9 vs. 3. "}
{"id": "doc3684", "text": "Other interesting findings from the recap include:"}
{"id": "doc3685", "text": "•    Cyber Weekend (Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday) produced 20% of overall holiday online sales, up 17.7% year-over-year. Also, Adobe analysis found the week before Thanksgiving experienced strong growth because the retail deals started earlier. The Wednesday before Thanksgiving continues to rival Small Business Saturday with $2.9 billion vs. $3 billion in online revenue, respectively."}
{"id": "doc3686", "text": "•    Buy online, pick up in-store (BOPIS) revenue was up 35% on average for the season. BOPIS hit a peak in the seven days leading up to Christmas, when revenue increased 55%."}
{"id": "doc3687", "text": "•    Large retailers grew their online sales by over 65% on average, and smaller ones grew online sales by 35%. Still, online revenue growth during the holidays continues to outpace overall retail growth (13.1% online vs. 4% overall). Consumers collectively spent $2.3 billion per day (on average) across the season. In fact, every day exceeded $1 billion in online sales except for Christmas Eve. This holiday season also had 29 $2 billion days (up from 26 in 2018)."}
{"id": "doc3688", "text": "“Smartphones drove tremendous growth in online sales this holiday season, and we expect mobile commerce to continue to grow as experiences improve,” said Jason Woosley, VP of commerce at Adobe. “People are more connected today than ever before. We all have a smartphone in our pocket, and that is really what is driving the uptick in mobile commerce and e-commerce overall. This always-on and always-connected trend will continue to accelerate, especially as the definition of mobility continues to expand to new devices and modes of accessing the Internet.”"}
{"id": "doc3689", "text": "The Adobe 2019 Holiday Recap report uses Adobe Analytics Adobe Sensei machine learning and artificial intelligence to analyze trillions of visits to U.S. retail sites."}
{"id": "doc3690", "text": "Initial online holiday shopping trends show impressive growth from 2018."}
{"id": "doc3691", "text": "According to data from Adobe Analytics, $19.7 billion has been spent during the holiday season so far, representing a 17.5% increase from the same period in 2018. According to Adobe Analytics, Veteran’s Day benefited from being on a Monday this year, with consumers spending $2.7 billion, a 38% increase year-over-year when compared to the Monday of Veteran’s Day weekend 2018. "}
{"id": "doc3692", "text": "More than one-third (34.5%) of all e-commerce holiday sales have been made on a smartphone, up 15% year-over-year. Season-to-date BOPIS spending has also seen strong growth, generating 26% more in sales than the previous year."}
{"id": "doc3693", "text": "The data also shows consumers are seeing strong discounts as retailers push for early deals this season to try to offset the shorter period between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Based on promising early-season performance, Adobe is reaffirming its full-season forecast of $143.7 billion spent online from November – December 2019, representing 14% growth from the prior-year period."}
{"id": "doc3694", "text": "Additional holiday insights include:•    Every day has surpassed $1 billion so far this season, and two days have surpassed $2 billion, with the day before Veteran’s Day being a surprise."}
{"id": "doc3695", "text": "•    Larger online retailers saw an 82.2% boost in revenue over an average day, while smaller online retailers only saw a 40.7% lift. "}
{"id": "doc3696", "text": "•    The “Cash Back Day” Nov. 7 online sales holiday invented by RetailMeNot surpassing Adobe’s prediction for the day by 11%, falling just a few million short of $2 billion in sales. “Holiday shopping has begun in earnest with consumers pouring onto retailers’ websites to find the early deals of the season,” said Taylor Schreiner, principal analyst, Adobe Digital Insights. “All signs point to strong sales growth this year, with consumers buying almost 50% more than last year just through their phones. And this may be one of the best years for consumers to date as promotional price discounts are much deeper than they were at this time last year – TV prices alone are down nearly 15% from October.” "}
{"id": "doc3697", "text": "Adobe’s holiday data reports are based on the analysis of over 1 trillion visits to retail sites and 55 million SKUs. Adobe Analytics measures transactions from 80 of the top 100 U.S. online retailers."}
{"id": "doc3698", "text": "Mobile devices helped push global digital spending to a new record during the 2019 holiday shopping season."}
{"id": "doc3699", "text": "Online spending rose 8% during the 2019 shopping season, accounting for $723 billion in revenue worldwide, according to Salesforce’s 2019 Holiday Shopping Report. The report found that mobile reigned victorious as 2019 ended with mobile being the number one device driving digital traffic and orders. "}
{"id": "doc3700", "text": "Reflecting the rapid growth of mobile as a shopping channel, the decade began with mobile driving very little digital traffic or orders. By comparision, on peak days during the 2019 holiday season, 80% of digital traffic and 65% of digital orders came  through a mobile device."}
{"id": "doc3701", "text": " Here are additional highlights from the Salesforce report. "}
{"id": "doc3702", "text": "•    Brands push consumers to start holiday shopping early: Early marketing activity was a success in generating buzz the week leading up to Cyber Week, with digital traffic growing 13% over the same period in 2018. Shoppers filled their online baskets but waited for Cyber Week to place their orders, with digital orders up 9% over the same 2018 period."}
{"id": "doc3703", "text": "•    AI eliminates guesswork for shoppers: Artificial intelligence (AI)-powered search and product recommendations drove additional revenue for retailers, as 10% of holiday digital orders and 5% of digital revenue came from AI-powered recommendations."}
{"id": "doc3704", "text": "•    Cyber Week 2019 broke records: Global digital revenue grew 15% to a record $143 billion during Cyber Week 2019. Black Friday continued to be the number one global digital shopping day and in the U.S., it continued to pull revenue away from Cyber Monday. Across the globe, Thanksgiving Day emerged as a major shopping event with sales growing 24% year-over-year to $20 billion."}
{"id": "doc3705", "text": "•    Early season buying frenzy leads to late-season softness: Digital revenues fell 27% year-over-year during the week leading up to Christmas. Salesforce analysis indicates this was likely due to a smoothing out of demand throughout the year due to manufactured holidays or going into physical stores on the cusp of the shipping cutoff date to avoid hassles with delivery."}
{"id": "doc3706", "text": "•    Retailers with click-and-collect win later in the season:  Retailers offering click-and-collect on their e-commerce sites saw 56% more active digital shoppers (someone who uses a site search, adds a product to cart, starts a checkout or completes a transaction) in the last five days of the season. Additionally, those retailers also collected 18% more digital revenue share after the shipping cutoff."}
{"id": "doc3707", "text": "For the report, Salesforce combined data on the activities of hundreds of millions of global shoppers across more than 30 countries powered by Salesforce Commerce Cloud, billions of consumer engagements powered by Salesforce Marketing Cloud, and millions of customer service cases viewed in Salesforce Service Cloud between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31, 2019."}
{"id": "doc3708", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc3709", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3710", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc3711", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc3712", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc3713", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc3714", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc3715", "text": "Abercrombie & Fitch Co.’s fourth quarter earnings and sales beat Street expectations amid rising demand for its namesake brand.  "}
{"id": "doc3716", "text": "The apparel retailer expects to take a hit of $60 million to $80 million to its fiscal 2020 revenue due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. It expects 2020 sales to be flat to up 2%, reflecting the COVID-19 impact. Analysts were looking for 1.1% growth."}
{"id": "doc3717", "text": "Abercrombie’s net income fell to $83.1 million, or $1.29 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, from $96.9 million, or $1.42 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share came to $1.31, beating analysts’ estimates of $1.23. "}
{"id": "doc3718", "text": "Net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion, also above estimates. Same-store sales rose 1%.   Same-store sales at Abercrombie stores rose 8%, while Hollister same-store sales declined 2%."}
{"id": "doc3719", "text": "“We finished the year on a strong note, with record Black Friday week results contributing to net sales growth and positive comparable sales for the fourth quarter, and for the third consecutive year,” said CEO Fran Horowitz. “Consistent with recent trends, Abercrombie outperformed Hollister and the U.S. outperformed international, which although still lagging registered significant sequential improvement."}
{"id": "doc3720", "text": "For the past couple of years, Abercrombie has closed some flagship locations in favor of opening smaller stores and pop-ups. It has an active remodeling program, updating stores with a more modern look that includes spacious fitting rooms and brighter interiors."}
{"id": "doc3721", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail, commented that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. Its holiday “Do 96 Hours In” campaign, which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in Los Angeles and Brooklyn, showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care staycations, resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand, according to Saunders. "}
{"id": "doc3722", "text": "“In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside,” Saunders said. For more analysis, click here.   For the full year, Abercrombie’s total net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion. Total same-store sales rose 1%. "}
{"id": "doc3723", "text": "“Over the past two years we have delivered a combined 157 new store experiences, reduced gross square footage by 6%, accelerated the rationalization of our flagship fleet and introduced local customer and product-facing teams in the EMEA and APAC regions,” Horowitz said. “We have laid the groundwork, and remain confident in our long-term vision and the global opportunities available to us as we continue to evolve with our customer."}
{"id": "doc3724", "text": "The retailer said that it expects the majority of the impact of the coronavirus to be felt in its first half. It also said the Asia-Pacific region contributed less than 10% of 2019 net sales, with China contributing about half of the regions sales."}
{"id": "doc3725", "text": "Total company manufacturing exposure to China was 22% in fiscal 2019, down from 36% in fiscal 2018, and is planned in the low-teens for fiscal 2020, Abercrombie said in a statement. The company has seen, and expects to continue to see, a direct impact to sales and margin from lost sales in the APAC region and in locations across Europe and North America."}
{"id": "doc3726", "text": "Dollar Tree reported fourth-quarter earnings that topped expectations as the discounter continues to upgrade its Family Dollar portfolio and launches a new initiative."}
{"id": "doc3727", "text": "The retailer said that it will renovate about 1,250 Family Dollar stores to its “H2” format in fiscal 2020. The format features improved merchandise offerings, including Dollar Tree $1 merchandise sections, an expanded party assortment and an expanded number of freezer and cooler doors. In addition, the company will launch its multi-price Dollar TreePlus! 2.0 initiative. It piloted the initial concept in 2019. "}
{"id": "doc3728", "text": "Dollar Tree’s net income totaled $123.0 million, or 52 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared to a loss of $2.31 billion, or $9.69 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.79, ahead of Street estimates for $1.76. "}
{"id": "doc3729", "text": "Sales rose 1.8% to $6.32 billion from $6.21 billion last year. Analysts had forecast sales of $6.39 billion. "}
{"id": "doc3730", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 0.4%. Same-store sales at Dollar Tree rose 1.5% and fell 0.8% at Family Dollar."}
{"id": "doc3731", "text": "In a statement, CEO Gary Philbin said that Dollar Tree’s and Family Dollar’s support functions were now working together in one location under one leadership team, which the company expects will build greater collaboration and efficiencies. "}
{"id": "doc3732", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 was a very important year for our organization to further develop the foundation to grow and improve our business,” Philbin said. "}
{"id": "doc3733", "text": "For the full year, Dollar Tree’s net sales increased 3.5% to $23.61 billion. Enterprise same-store sales increased 1.8%. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree segment increased 2.3% (or 2.2% when adjusted to include the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations). Same-store sales for Family Dollar increased 1.4%."}
{"id": "doc3734", "text": "The company’s fiscal 2020 outlook includes an estimated incremental impact of $47 million related to tariffs, with nearly all of it being incurred in the first half of the year. "}
{"id": "doc3735", "text": "Additionally, the outlook includes an estimated impact of $15 million related to the new clean fuel regulations for ocean shipping. The outlook does not include any potential impact related to the supply chain or other aspects of the company’s business for the COVID-19 coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc3736", "text": "“As we enter 2020, our teams are aligned, energized and focused,” Philbin stated. “While our first quarter outlook includes expected pressure from the incremental tariffs and promotional activity, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver improved sales, operating margin and earnings in the following three quarters and for full-year fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc3737", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, Dollar Tree operates 15,288 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada."}
{"id": "doc3738", "text": "Starbucks has temporarily shuttered more than half of its stores in China in response to the coronavirus. "}
{"id": "doc3739", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Starbucks executives warned that the viral outbreak could “materially affect” its fiscal 2020 results. Starbucks had 4,292 stores in China at the end of last year. The country is the chain’s second-largest market and accounted for 10% of Starbucks’ revenue during its first quarter."}
{"id": "doc3740", "text": "Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson told analysts he had anticipated raising the companys financial forecast for 2020 when it reported earnings. But he decided not to due to “the dynamic situation unfolding with the coronavirus.”"}
{"id": "doc3741", "text": "“The magnitude of the impact will depend on the duration of store closures as we work with local authorities to manage the situation and protect our partners and customers,” CFO Pat Grismer told analysts."}
{"id": "doc3742", "text": "In a prepared statement, Johnson said the company would be “transparent with all stakeholders in communicating how we are responding to these extraordinary circumstances and the implications for our near-term business results.”"}
{"id": "doc3743", "text": "The news about the China store closings overshadowed what was an impressive first quarter for the coffee giant and one of its strongest holiday seasons ever. Starbucks reported net income of $885.7 million, or 74 cents per share, in the quarter ended Dec. 29, up from $760.6 million, or 61 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding the impact of restructuring and impairment costs and other items, earnings totaled 79 cents per share, topping the 76 cents per share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc3744", "text": "Net sales rose 7% to $7.1 billion, in line with expectations. Global comparable store sales rose 5%, driven by a 3% increase in average ticket and a 2% increase in comparable transactions."}
{"id": "doc3745", "text": "U.S. same-store sales rose 6%, boosted by more customers visiting its cafes. "}
{"id": "doc3746", "text": "“Our growth was fueled by a healthy balance of comparable sales growth and new store development, as well as continued expansion of our global coffee alliance with Nestlé. Investments in our partners, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships contributed not only to strong topline growth, but also significant margin expansion in the quarter,” Johnson stated.  "}
{"id": "doc3747", "text": "Starbucks reaffirmed its fiscal 2020 forecast but said it was excluding the impact of coronavirus. Under its current forecast, its fiscal 2020 revenue is expected to rise between 6% and 8% and global same-store sales growth will be in a range of 3% to 4%."}
{"id": "doc3748", "text": "“The company will update its guidance for fiscal 2020 when we can reasonably estimate the impact of the coronavirus,” Starbucks said in the earnings release."}
{"id": "doc3749", "text": "Starbucks had 31,795 stores at the end of the first quarter, up 6% over the prior year. It expects to add 2,000 net new locations worldwide in fiscal 2020."}
{"id": "doc3750", "text": "Retailers are less likely than companies in many other sectors to prioritize the use of enterprise data."}
{"id": "doc3751", "text": "According to “What is Your Data Really Worth?,” a new global study of 1,350 business and IT decision-makers from data analysis platform Splunk, organizations that place a strong strategic emphasis on data and its business value add an average of 5.32% to their annual revenue. These companies also remove an average of 4.85% from their annual operational costs, and 97% meet or exceed their customer retention targets, with the majority (60%) having outstripped their goals. Ninety-three percent feel they tend to make better, faster decisions than competitors."}
{"id": "doc3752", "text": "Despite these benefits, only 35% of retail organizations surveyed are “data-obsessed,” and 38% spend less than 10% of their IT budget on data and analytics. In comparison, 51% of all respondents are data-obsessed and only 20% spend less than 10% of their IT budget on data and analytics."}
{"id": "doc3753", "text": "However, most surveyed retailers recognize the link between data use and the potential to improve business outcomes. About eight in 10 (79%) agree they will be disrupted if they cannot improve their ability to use data to better customize products and offers to customers."}
{"id": "doc3754", "text": "The survey also reveals that roughly half or less of surveyed retailers have been able to achieve a number of significant benefits due to improved ability to use their data. These include:"}
{"id": "doc3755", "text": "•    Ensuring customers’ data security and privacy (53%)•    Better and more proactive protection from cyberthreats (47%)•    Better management of supply chain/optimized supply chain (43%)•    Better management of inventory/optimized stock levels (43%)•    Ability to better personalize offers, products and customer service (38%)•    Improved order fulfillment and delivery (36%)•    Implementation of a more effective loyalty program (34%)•    Offering better, consistent customer experience across channels (32%)"}
{"id": "doc3756", "text": "Splunk and Enterprise Strategy Group surveyed executives in the retail, technology, finance, communications & media, manufacturing & resources, healthcare & life sciences, public sector, and higher education industries in the U.S., Australia, U.K., Germany, France, China, and Japan."}
{"id": "doc3757", "text": "A rideshare service with a strong omnichannel commerce presence is testing self-driving cars in several major markets."}
{"id": "doc3758", "text": "The Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) division of Uber, which develops and deploys autonomous vehicles, is running pilots of self-driving cars in Dallas, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto, and Washington, D.C. Uber uses a phased approach in its self-driving car pilots, beginning with a specially trained safety driver (called a mission specialist) in full control of the driving task at all times. "}
{"id": "doc3759", "text": "The vehicles are equipped with a sensor kit that makes them recognizable to other road users. Data gathered during this stage informs development of high-definition maps and common driving scenarios."}
{"id": "doc3760", "text": "After self-driving technology has been thoroughly tested in simulation and on a test track, Uber deploys it on public roads in the areas it has mapped. At present, all self-driving system testing on a track or public road is done with two mission specialists in each vehicle. During these tests, Uber may carry select or whitelisted passengers who are not Uber employees."}
{"id": "doc3761", "text": "Planned future steps include having computer-driven cars with a mission specialist behind the wheel take public passengers, and testing the self-driving system on public roads without a mission specialist in the front seat. Currently, Uber only runs tests during daylight hours in clear weather, and all pilots are occurring within city limits."}
{"id": "doc3762", "text": "In Dallas and Toronto, Uber is testing no more than two self-driving cars on a given day, with a mission specialist driving and co-pilot in the passenger seat. The Washington, D.C., pilot is following the same protocol, but with up to four vehicles on the road on a given day. In Pittsburgh, Uber is testing around 20 computer-driven cars on a given day, with a mission specialist behind the wheel (not driving) and co-pilot in the passenger seat."}
{"id": "doc3763", "text": "“Ultimately, we want to bring self-driving vehicles to the Uber network around the world,” Uber said in a corporate blog post. “As we develop our technology and start work in new cities, we want our stakeholders in those cities—future riders and other road users, government officials, public safety officials, and community groups—to know what to expect. We may collect personal data, such as individuals images, in connection with the operation of self-driving vehicles.”"}
{"id": "doc3764", "text": "Uber temporarily halted on-road testing of autonomous vehicles following a March 2018 fatal accident involving a self-driving car in Tempe, Ariz. The company began an on-road pilot of the technology in Pittsburgh in December 2018. According to TechCrunch, the San Francisco test will last a few weeks and involve two Volvo XC90 vehicles equipped with Uber’s self-driving system."}
{"id": "doc3765", "text": "Although Uber has not given any indication that its self-driving cars might be used for delivering online orders, its Uber Eats on-demand delivery platform supports numerous quick-service delivery programs, including those offered by Starbucks, McDonald’s and Burger King. According to a recent survey, the most popular food delivery app in the U.S. is Uber Eats."}
{"id": "doc3766", "text": "A specialty westernwear retailer is spurring growth by integrating new electronic data interchange (EDI) capabilities with its ERP platform."}
{"id": "doc3767", "text": "Texas-based Cavender’s, which operates 84 stores across 11 Southern and Midwestern states, has integrated the TrueCommerce ecUtopia EDI solution with its existing Jesta I.S. Vision Suite ERP platform. The ecUtopia solution replaces a previously implemented EDI tool which Cavender’s determined would not support planned growth initiatives, improved vendor partnerships, inventory expansion, or advancement of its technical and data analytics capabilities."}
{"id": "doc3768", "text": "Since deploying TrueCommerce technology, Cavender’s has enhanced collaboration with vendors, including the ability to share analytics, which helps optimize product availability. Three-way matching of POs, packing slips and invoices enhances productivity across multiple departments, while automating manual processes allows staff to move from operational to customer-facing roles"}
{"id": "doc3769", "text": "In addition, new EDI-driven capabilities help cut shipping costs and lead times while optimizing inventory, and seamless integration automates the movement of EDI data in and out of the retailer’s Jesta’s Vision Suite ERP platform. For smaller vendors that don’t use EDI, the EDI portal helps automate communication."}
{"id": "doc3770", "text": "Cavender’s is also rolling out carton-level receiving, assumed receiving and other operational automations made possible by TrueCommerce technology. Furthermore, the retailer says its merchandising department has better visibility into product flow and order fulfillment, enabling earlier detection of problems such as missing or incomplete vendor shipments."}
{"id": "doc3771", "text": "Looking ahead, Cavender’s is considering leveraging its advanced EDI capabilities to support activities such as direct-to-customer vendor shipping, vendor-managed inventory (VMI), and vendor-managed analytics. "}
{"id": "doc3772", "text": "“The TrueCommerce ecUtopia Platform offers Cavender’s ways to advance our business, our communications and our partnerships with vendors,” said Larry Waterman, executive VP and COO, Cavender’s. “It brings rich data analytics to our business and enables us to leverage new opportunities like direct-to-customer vendor shipping and other distribution strategies. They’re a great company with incredible technology and customer support capabilities, along with a partnership-oriented approach.”"}
{"id": "doc3773", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc3774", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc3775", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc3776", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc3777", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc3778", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc3779", "text": "Arc’teryx is automating fraud detection and analysis to ensure smooth global growth."}
{"id": "doc3780", "text": "The Canadian retailer, named for the first reptile to develop feathers for flight, recently overhauled its e-commerce business to prepare for continued global expansion and increase customer personalization. However, the company was hindered because of fraud, chargebacks, and a potentially cumbersome authentication experience that added friction to the online shopping process. "}
{"id": "doc3781", "text": "To overcome these obstacles, Arc’teryx is rolling out the artificial intelligence (AI)-driven Identity Trust Global Network fraud management solution from Kount. The solution links 2.7 billion fraud signals per interaction in real-time, enabling Arc’teryx to automate its fraud prevention decisions, reducing manual reviews and eliminating chargebacks. "}
{"id": "doc3782", "text": "In addition to blocking fraudulent and suspicious transactions, Arc’teryx is also leveraging Kount technology to identify trustworthy customers and deliver personalized user experiences to them."}
{"id": "doc3783", "text": "Networked data from the real-time Identity Trust Global Network is also enabling Arc’teryx to unlock new revenue streams. For example, the retailer previously had limited insight into region-specific fraud patterns. Now, it is able to identify high-value regions where it can focus its marketing efforts, while strategically reallocating resources away from low-trust geographies where fraud is rampant. Furthermore, Arc’teryx utilizes the Identity Trust Global Network’s adaptive AI capabilities to detect fraud patterns which vary from country to country depending on regional shopping habits. "}
{"id": "doc3784", "text": "“With Kount’s Identity Trust Network, we now have a real-time level of trust for each identity behind every customer interaction,” said Arc’teryx’s fraud prevention specialist. “This has empowered our teams to effectively fight fraud while at the same time enhancing customer satisfaction by enabling personalized experiences across the full spectrum of identity trust.”"}
{"id": "doc3785", "text": "Arc’teryx distributes products through more than 3,000 retail locations worldwide, including over 50 branded stores, as well as its e-commerce site.  "}
{"id": "doc3786", "text": "A majority of consumers see promise for artificial intelligence (AI), but aren’t ready to remove humans from the retail experience."}
{"id": "doc3787", "text": "According to a new consumer survey from digital transformation agency Blue Fountain Media, 60% of respondents think that while AI is a technology with a lot of promise, we have to be careful what it’s used for. Almost half (47%) of respondents don’t enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction. "}
{"id": "doc3788", "text": "The 47% figure comprises 41% of respondents who say they generally just like dealing with a real person when they have a customer service issue, and 6% who say AI has screwed up on them in the past and not dealt with their problem satisfactorily. "}
{"id": "doc3789", "text": "However, 12% of respondents enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction, citing “AI knows all the facts and policies better than many customer service reps I’ve dealt with.” Another 16% said getting customer issues resolved without human interaction is faster and less of a hassle dealing with an AI-powered chatbot or phone operator. One-quarter of respondents enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction, but said there’s definitely more room for improvement."}
{"id": "doc3790", "text": "Almost one-third (32%) of respondents’ biggest fear about AI is that it will take over, replace all jobs, and possibly one day, replace humans. In another statistic demonstrating concerns some consumers have over the potentially de-humanizing effect of AI, 27% of respondents fear that AI immersion into our daily lives will improve them, but also make them a lot less personal and intimate."}
{"id": "doc3791", "text": "Other interesting responses include:"}
{"id": "doc3792", "text": "•    10% of respondents believe that the greatest promise for AI lies in retailers providing a more consistent and personalized experience.•    8% don’t see AI having an impact on their personal life because they don’t trust AI to help at all.•    4% see AI having its biggest impact on their personal life via shopping and customer service with personalized chatbots."}
{"id": "doc3793", "text": "Using SurveyMonkey, Blue Fountain Media surveyed over 1,000 U.S. respondents ages 18-65. "}
{"id": "doc3794", "text": "Sportina Group is segmenting its planning across customer preferences and countries."}
{"id": "doc3795", "text": "The Slovenia-based retailer, which curates fashion collections for women, men, and children across 90 brands and operates more than 350 stores in 11 European nations, is standardizing its diverse business on the cloud-based Oracle Retail technology platform. Sportina’s primary goals are to break down barriers between geographies and brands, in turn optimizing inventory availability for customers.  "}
{"id": "doc3796", "text": "Sportina segments its portfolio brands into five segments including luxury, premium, core, entry and casual. The segmentation is oriented around customers’ individual styles and preferences. By delivering what a consumer wants, Sportina can avoid markdowns and increase gross margin. "}
{"id": "doc3797", "text": "With Oracle Retail solutions providing full visibility to inventory availability across all channels, Sportina intends to decrease transfer costs and increase stock rotation. The retailer has increased its stock rotation and decreased transfer costs by implementing an initial and replenishment order split."}
{"id": "doc3798", "text": "“Sportina Group supports a range of different business models, including our own brand, multi-brand, franchise, and wholesale. In order to support this complexity, we recognized the need to centralize and consolidate our planning processes to deliver transparency,” Miha Rozman, head of controlling, Sportina. “Sportina is an efficient and fast-moving fashion retailer. We chose Oracle to improve efficiency and increase productivity. Most importantly, this modernization allowed us to design a new planning process that places the customer at the center of our operations from the strategic vision through the planning to execution.”"}
{"id": "doc3799", "text": "Working with Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) member Pronos, Sportina implemented Oracle Retail Merchandise Financial Planning in 16 weeks. This was followed by an implementation of an Oracle Retail Lifecycle Inventory Planning framework designed by Oracle Retail Consulting in under eight months. Next, Pronos will assist Sportina with the implementation of Oracle Retail Offer Optimization."}
{"id": "doc3800", "text": "Sportina operates multi-brand Sportina and XYZ stores, mono-brand stores, and outlet units in Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Croatia, Montenegro, Bulgaria, Romania, Kosovo, Italy, and Austria."}
{"id": "doc3801", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc3802", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc3803", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc3804", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc3805", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc3806", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc3807", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc3808", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc3809", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc3810", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc3811", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc3812", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is using augmented reality (AR) to provide digital discovery and engagement to shoppers at its Manhattan flagship."}
{"id": "doc3813", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is partnering with Mastercard to enhance the in-store experience for customers and deliver intelligent insights to store associates. By integrating Mastercard digital retail technology in its flagship store, DVF is providing customers who scan QR codes with targeted product recommendations and enhanced information. "}
{"id": "doc3814", "text": "By scanning QR codes that are located throughout the store, shoppers can gain access to digital promotional and storytelling content, as well as additional product information. In addition, customers visiting the flagship’s in-store art gallery can leverage computer vision technology to use their mobile device to learn more information about displayed works."}
{"id": "doc3815", "text": "In addition, Mastercard digital technology provides store associates with visibility to overall performance against specific commercial KPIs, object recognition via device to more easily share product information, and recommendations based on time of day, day of week, product demand, and other variables. "}
{"id": "doc3816", "text": "“Connecting is really important, especially if you want to be a brand that stands out to consumers today,” said Diane von Furstenberg, founder of DVF. “With this technology, DVF has the unique opportunity to bring our customers on a journey, allowing them access to content that brings them closer to our brand story. We are thrilled to partner with the team at Mastercard to create a truly unique experience within our flagship store.”"}
{"id": "doc3817", "text": "The partnership will also drive dialogue and engagement through The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF flagship throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc3818", "text": "As part of the larger partnership, Mastercard is placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc3819", "text": "“We’re excited to be partnering with an iconic brand like DVF to further drive the dialogue around women’s empowerment and leverage our latest technology to make every in-store interaction unique and meaningful,” said Linda Kirkpatrick, president of U.S. issuers, Mastercard."}
{"id": "doc3820", "text": "DVF has been focusing on creating in-store omnichannel experiences for the past 18 months. In February 2020, the retailer said it would streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone, via partnership with NewStore and Salesforce."}
{"id": "doc3821", "text": "In addition, in September 2018, DVF teamed up with Salesforce to use the company’s cloud-based platform to develop and launch DVF 360, a digital experience that takes online and in-store shoppers on a virtual tour of the brand. "}
{"id": "doc3822", "text": "The explosion of online grocery shopping is one key trend affecting the industry, according to McKinsey & Company."}
{"id": "doc3823", "text": "In a new report, “Digital disruption at the grocery store,” McKinsey outlines five significant trends it sees as transforming the U.S. grocery sector. A summary of each trend follows."}
{"id": "doc3824", "text": "1.    The fight is onMajor retail players such as Amazon, Walmart, Instacart, and Kroger have led a transformation of grocery into a retail vertical with significant online presence. Given that the majority of large grocers have already developed some form of an e-commerce offering, new entrants have clear disadvantages, including a lack of brand equity and scale compared with traditional grocers. "}
{"id": "doc3825", "text": "However, McKinsey says they tend to have more strategic agility, cultures of innovation, and white space. Such features provide opportunities to craft value propositions for the customer of the future without sacrificing the customer of today. McKinsey notes that some larger and more traditional grocers may resist transformative innovation as they maintain their focus on their current core customer base. For example, Trader Joe’s discontinued its delivery services in New York City, citing already close proximity to customers and an unwillingness to pass on delivery costs."}
{"id": "doc3826", "text": "2.    Early movers have advantagesMcKinsey believes the winners in e-grocery will be those that deliver a great and consistent customer experience the fastest. They will give customers a sense of discovery, exploration, and inspiration, whether in a physical or virtual environment. Whichever player discovers and delivers the optimal customer experience first will be the incumbent. "}
{"id": "doc3827", "text": "Some grocers believe this means offering the most seamless click-and-collect experience, while others believe this means offering the fastest delivery. According to McKinsey, while it remains to be seen which experience US consumers value the most, it is certain that they will reward consistency."}
{"id": "doc3828", "text": "3.    Scale mattersWhere demand density is low and demand is fragmented, investments in large fulfillment centers, delivery fleets, and drivers are hard to justify. It can be impossible to cover the costs without adequate demand within the serviceable radius. "}
{"id": "doc3829", "text": "Recognizing the challenges, some major grocers are using their stores as fulfillment centers, getting more value from existing assets rather than making new investments After Amazon acquired Whole Foods Market, for example, it announced that it would fill orders from Whole Foods Market stores. Target and Walmart now offer e-commerce fulfillment at store locations and last-mile delivery through the acquisition of Shipt and a partnership with Postmates, respectively. "}
{"id": "doc3830", "text": "Grocers are also finding that integrating e-commerce fulfillment and retail-store operations can improve employee utilization, since staff can fulfill electronic orders when in-store customer traffic is low. McKinsey says the demand-density challenge will become less of an issue as e-commerce operations achieve scale and move to more centralized fulfillment models."}
{"id": "doc3831", "text": "4.    Economics improve with automation innovationThe two pillars of e-commerce fulfillment—picking and last-mile delivery—add significant operating costs to an already low-margin business. Therefore, McKinsey expects large grocers to turn to automation and robotics, such as Amazon and Kroger already have. Technology advancements could help level the playing field, but retailers need scale and demand density to justify the heavy up-front investment."}
{"id": "doc3832", "text": "5.    The talent gap is a major bottleneckTo compete with the recruiting capabilities of large technology companies, McKinsey recommends grocers should take several additional steps such as hiring a chief digital officer or equivalent, developing a clear digital strategy, offering benefits millennials seek (such as flexibility and sense of meaning and purpose), and paying market rates."}
{"id": "doc3833", "text": "Another digital wedding registry is freshening up its offerings in preparation for the spring."}
{"id": "doc3834", "text": "Zola is unveiling a number of new digital features and services, including a new chat feature in its mobile app called the Zola Registry Advisor. The advisor provides couples with mobile, one-on-one wedding planning and registry assistance."}
{"id": "doc3835", "text": "The retailer has also expanded its assortment to feature a curated selection of over 100,000 products from over 1,000 brands. Couples can sync existing registries and add gifts from anywhere with the Add to Zola button. Artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped planning tools enable users to set up a registry with personalized recommendations based on a couples interests, ideal price point and guest count. "}
{"id": "doc3836", "text": "In addition, couples can choose when their gifts ship or make a virtual return. Furthermore, Zola will help couples keep track of who bought which gift and then order customized thank you notes."}
{"id": "doc3837", "text": "Other features and benefits include a $50 referral program (for both the referrer and their friend), customizable cash and honeymoon finds with seamless direct deposit, free shipping and free returns, a 20% post-wedding completion discount, and free bonus gifts."}
{"id": "doc3838", "text": "We live and breathe registry. Weve spent years listening to our couples, solving for their pain points, curating the best brands, and building benefits that only we can offer. Thats why over 1 million couples have chosen us, and why were the go-to registry for 2020 couples, said Shan-Lyn Ma, CEO of Zola."}
{"id": "doc3839", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new wedding registry platform from Bed Bath & Beyond dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way.” Zola itself recently launched a partnership with Macy’s making an assortment of the department store retailer’s private-label items available on the Zola site. "}
{"id": "doc3840", "text": "A quick-service conglomerate is bringing leadership development in-house."}
{"id": "doc3841", "text": "Yum! Brands has purchased Heartstyles, a company offering an omnichannel leadership development program, to build the capabilities of employees at corporate and franchised KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell restaurants around the world. "}
{"id": "doc3842", "text": "Created by Stephen Klemich and Mara Klemich, Ph.D., both specialists in personal and cultural transformation, Heartstyles is a hands-on training program. A key component is the Heartstyles Indicator, a statistically-based online self and 360-degree assessment that helps individuals identify insights and action steps to grow and generate positive shifts in attitudes, thinking and behaviors that help them in life and at work. "}
{"id": "doc3843", "text": "With this acquisition, Yum! Brands has initiated multi-year plans to scale Heartstyles and offer it efficiently to its more than 2,000 franchisees who run 98% of its more than 50,000 restaurants. While the Klemichs work to expand Heartstyles within Yum!, the Heartstyles organization and associates will continue to offer their global consultancy services."}
{"id": "doc3844", "text": "“I’m committed to elevating the experience for each of our 40 million customers every day and achieving the kind of unit economics only made possible with an exceptional culture and talent. Scaling Heartstyles globally can help us consistently and measurably strengthen our people-first culture from the corner office to the restaurant,” said David Gibbs, CEO, Yum! Brands. “When we and our franchisees have strong and engaged restaurant general managers, they lead inspired teams, the customers feel it and it positively impacts results. We believe Heartstyles is a powerful tool to help our 2,000 franchisees consistently deliver and sustain a great customer experience and grow restaurant sales.”"}
{"id": "doc3845", "text": "“Your culture drives your success. Your people drive your culture. So, knowing what drives your people is imperative,” said Stephen and Mara Klemich, co-founders of Heartstyles. “Leading organizations like Yum! Brands have long known that their people are a unique competitive advantage. The next chapter for Heartstyles is exciting because we know that the scale and resources Yum! Brands offers will allow Heartstyles to reach, develop and transform the potential of more people for years to come.”"}
{"id": "doc3846", "text": "Another global quick-service leader, McDonald’s, is also partnering with training experts to roll out omnichannel career development tools. McDonalds has a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Built in partnership with the Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (CAEL), a nonprofit adult education and training group, and with support from national success coaching organization InsideTrack, the app serves as a real-time career advising tool."}
{"id": "doc3847", "text": "Yum! Brands Inc., based in Louisville, Kentucky, has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories, primarily operating the company’s brands of KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell."}
{"id": "doc3848", "text": "Green Growth Brands is removing the need to physically locate, position and scan its products from source to store."}
{"id": "doc3849", "text": "The cannabis and CBD company, which operates CBD stores under the Seventh Sense banner, is leveraging RFID technology from Yobi Software to reduce labor costs, improve inventory accuracy, and meet tight governmental chain-of-custody and lifecycle tracking regulations for cannabis plants and products."}
{"id": "doc3850", "text": "Having decided that an RFID-based platform would best allow it to effectively harvest plants and then track and manage inventory throughout its entire supply chain, Green Growth Brands (GGB) selected Yobi as its technology provider. GGB based its decision on Yobi’s modular architecture and data retention practices, as well as its experience working with companies including Amazon, Zappos, and Harley Davidson. "}
{"id": "doc3851", "text": "The seven-month deployment process involved coordinating with multiple vendors to ensure Yobi could quickly deploy the solution across the country. The team created a module to allow GGB to install the software and test the functionality on its devices at its corporate headquarters, and then ship them to the stores the week they opened. This removed the need for a technical expert to be on-site at each store, and reduced the cost of the deployment for both Yobi and GGB."}
{"id": "doc3852", "text": "Green Growth Brands is currently using Yobi RFID technology in its cultivation and harvesting processes, as well as in its nearly 200 retail stores. GGB is running pilots to use RFID to handle retail inventory, and also using Yobis POS system for its CBD product kiosks."}
{"id": "doc3853", "text": "Since deploying RFID, GGB has entered into creative agreements with mall operators including Simon Property Group, Brookfield Properties, and the Taubman Centers to place its 7th Sense CBD kiosks in 200 locations across the country, with the rollout launched in less than a year. "}
{"id": "doc3854", "text": "GGB also now has the ability to operate up to 47 cannabis dispensaries across Nevada, Massachusetts, and Florida. Because of the successful execution on the CBD rollout, Yobi has been selected to power all of these dispensaries as well. "}
{"id": "doc3855", "text": "Amazon’s automated customer chat is becoming more sophisticated."}
{"id": "doc3856", "text": "The e-tail giant has begun testing two neural-network-based automated customer service systems. One can handle common customer service requests automatically and one helps customer service agents respond to customers more easily."}
{"id": "doc3857", "text": "As opposed to standard text-based online customer service systems featuring automated agents that can handle simple requests by following rules, Amazon’s new neural network-based agents can handle a broader range of interactions. This enables live customer service representatives to focus on tasks that depend more on human judgment."}
{"id": "doc3858", "text": "In randomized trials, Amazon has been comparing the new neural agents to its existing rule-based automated customer service systems, using a metric called automation rate. Automation rate combines two factors: whether the automated agent successfully completes a transaction without referring it to a customer service representative, and whether the customer contacts customer service a second time within 24 hours. According to automation rate, Amazon says the new agents significantly outperform the old ones."}
{"id": "doc3859", "text": "At the same time, Amazon is also testing a variation on the system that suggests possible responses to customer service representatives, with the goal of saving them time. Amazon trained separate versions of each model for two types of interactions, return refund status requests and order cancellations. As an input, the order cancellation model receives not only the preceding customer dialogue but also some information about the customer’s account profile."}
{"id": "doc3860", "text": "In addition to the context and the profile information, the response ranker receives a candidate response as input. It also uses an attention mechanism to determine which words in which previous dialogue are particularly useful for ranking the response."}
{"id": "doc3861", "text": "“It is difficult to determine what types of conversational models other customer service systems are running, but we are unaware of any announced deployments of end-to-end, neural-network-based dialogue models like ours,” said Jared Kramer, machine learning manager at Amazon, in a corporate blog post. “And we are working continually to expand the breadth and complexity of the conversations our models can engage in, to make customer service queries as efficient as possible for our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc3862", "text": "Price is important, but something else is also a critical differentiator for brick-and-mortar retailers."}
{"id": "doc3863", "text": "According to the “State of Consumer Behavior Report 2020” from digital signage and in-store solutions provider Raydiant, 69% of respondents said a good in-store experience is either important or very important to them. More than six in 10 (62%) find store associates helpful."}
{"id": "doc3864", "text": "While 57% of respondents said they would shop more at physical locations for exclusive discounts not available online, 23% said they would shop more if stores provided unique experiences. The omnichannel experience is also critical, especially regarding price comparisons. More than 68% of respondents had searched for a better price online after finding a product at a physical store."}
{"id": "doc3865", "text": "Other key findings include:•    Of respondents aged 18 to 34, 55% prefer to shop online, while 57.5% of those over 35 prefer to shop at physical locations."}
{"id": "doc3866", "text": "•    People who prefer to shop at physical locations name the ability to see and touch products as their primary differentiator (40%), followed closely by an enjoyable shopping experience (38%)."}
{"id": "doc3867", "text": "•    For men, the shopping experience (44%) is more important than the ability to see and touch products (23%). Women feel differently, with 46% prioritizing the physical presence of products and 35% preferring the experience."}
{"id": "doc3868", "text": "•    People of all ages who prefer shopping online name convenience as their primary motivator. For young people, access to discount codes came second at 23%, while older shoppers enjoy the ease of price comparison (11%) and transaction speed (11%)."}
{"id": "doc3869", "text": "The findings confirm our belief that brick and mortar is not dying, its simply evolving and that the retailers who are focused on creating true in-store experiences are positioned to thrive as the retail landscape continues to evolve, said Bobby Marhamat, CEO of Raydiant."}
{"id": "doc3870", "text": "The report surveyed 1,000 U.S. consumers in January 2020."}
{"id": "doc3871", "text": "A new study suggests Instacart has a broad positive impact on the U.S. grocery sector."}
{"id": "doc3872", "text": "Research by Dr. Robert Kulick of NERA Economic Consulting finds that by creating additional customer demand for grocery stores, Instacart has driven an increase of more than $620 million in revenue and over 23,000 jobs in the grocery sector in California, New York, Illinois, and Washington."}
{"id": "doc3873", "text": "Data indicates the entry and expansion of Instacart into local markets acts as an economic complement to grocery store employment, which the study refers to as “The Instacart Effect.” This brings incremental business to the store while creating an e-commerce footprint for retailers. "}
{"id": "doc3874", "text": "On average, Instacarts entry into a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), is associated with a 4% increase in retail grocery employment there, as grocers add employees to support the increased business at their store. These roles are direct employees of grocery stores and include jobs such as cashiers, stocking associates, and deli counter clerks, among others. "}
{"id": "doc3875", "text": "The results indicate that the magnitude of The Instacart Effect is statistically equivalent for each state. Thus, the findings suggest that The Instacart Effect is a national phenomenon. "}
{"id": "doc3876", "text": "At the state level, the study finds: •    In California, The Instacart Effect created over 11,500 additional jobs and $337 million in incremental revenue.•    In Illinois, The Instacart Effect created over 3,400 jobs and $75 million in incremental revenue. •    In New York, The Instacart Effect created over 6,600 jobs and $154 million in incremental revenue.•    In Washington, The Instacart Effect created over 1,900 jobs and $56 million in incremental revenue. "}
{"id": "doc3877", "text": "Today in the U.S., grocery is almost a $1 trillion industry — but its only now going through its first big wave of tech innovation, said Nilam Ganenthiran, president of Instacart. While weve long seen in our own internal data that Instacart can incrementally boost retail partner sales between 50% to 80%, this study shows that when Instacart enters a market the tides turn and The Instacart Effect drives meaningful job creation and increased revenue for the grocery industry."}
{"id": "doc3878", "text": "The study, conducted by Dr. Robert Kulick of NERA Economic Consulting, is based on the results of three distinct statistical models, with multiple statistical techniques applied to each model to rule out alternative explanations for the relationship. Seven falsification — or placebo — tests were applied to the results of each model."}
{"id": "doc3879", "text": "Grocers seeking younger customers need to focus on technology and convenience."}
{"id": "doc3880", "text": "According to the “Consumer Connect Q4 2019” study from retail market intelligence firm IRI, the number one factor that will attract Gen Z shoppers to a particular grocery store is technology that makes shopping there more exciting (57%). While a good assortment of prepared/easy prep meal solutions comes in a close second (56%), Gen Z also look for grocery store features including online purchase with in-store pickup (46%) and subscription services for frequently purchased items (33%)."}
{"id": "doc3881", "text": "Millennial consumers showed similar results – a leading 57% look for grocery stores with prepared/easy prep meal solutions, but high percentages also favor online purchase with in-store pickup (48%), technology that makes shopping there more exciting (47%), and subscription services for frequently purchased items (32%)."}
{"id": "doc3882", "text": "Grocers and other retailers selling CPG items should pay attention to their e-commerce programs. Study results show that while e-commerce only represents 14% of omnichannel CPG sales, it represents 63% of omnichannel CPG growth. During the 52 weeks ending Dec. 29, 2019, CPG e-commerce sales totaled $90.8 billion, up 28.5% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc3883", "text": "Examining what factors drive general store choice among all consumers, the study found top drivers include:"}
{"id": "doc3884", "text": "•    Lowest everyday prices (94%).•    Good sale prices (94%).•    Convenient location (92%).•    Allows you to fill basic needs at lowest possible cost (92%).•    Quick and easy in-and-out (90%).•    Assortment that allows for one-stop shopping (86%).•    Strong loyalty card discount program (86%)."}
{"id": "doc3885", "text": "Other interesting results include:"}
{"id": "doc3886", "text": "•    57% of all consumers say their household financial health is good.•    73% of all consumers say their household can easily afford needed groceries.•    53% of all consumers say their household is making ends meet rather easily."}
{"id": "doc3887", "text": "Retailers targeting older consumers shouldn’t overlook their Gen Z offspring."}
{"id": "doc3888", "text": "Nearly nine in 10 (87%) parents say their Gen Z children influence purchase decisions, according to the National Retail Federation’s Fall 2019 Consumer View. The findings revealed that Gen Zers influence 48% of purchases parents make specifically for them along with 36% of household purchases. (The report defines Gen Z as including people born in 1995 and later, ranging from newborns to young adults.)"}
{"id": "doc3889", "text": "Aspects of their parents’ purchases Gen Zers often influence include specific brands (52%), product features (48%), and specific retailers (41%). Popular ways parents include Gen Z children in purchase decisions include looking at products in the store (69%), looking at products online (67%), watching commercials (60%), adding items to a wish list or shopping cart (56%), reading/watching product reviews (54%), and browsing catalogs (52%)."}
{"id": "doc3890", "text": "The top categories where Gen Z consumers influence spending either by their household or with their own money are:"}
{"id": "doc3891", "text": "•    Toys and games (92%)•    Clothes and shoes (91%)•    Food and drink (88%)•    Dining out (87%)•    Event outings (85%)•    Books and music (85%)•    Electronic goods (81%)•    Personal care (81%)•    Travel (79%)•    Apps (78%)•    Sports equipment (78%)•    Digital streaming (74%)"}
{"id": "doc3892", "text": "Holiday shipping volume is significantly up and a new study examines retailers’ ability to respond."}
{"id": "doc3893", "text": "According to analysis of 2.5 billion shipping events and tens of millions of packages shipped during the Black Friday/Cyber Monday weekend by last-mile delivery technology provider Convey Inc., retailers are on track to meet shoppers high expectations for smooth delivery experiences this holiday season. Convey has reached this finding even with shipping volume for the first official weekend of the holiday season increasing 27% from the same period in 2018."}
{"id": "doc3894", "text": "Increased shipping volume is in line with overall spending for the Thanksgiving weekend, when retailers saw online sales jump more than 19% on both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Negative customer feedback is 28% lower for the 2019 holiday season, as 41% of Black Friday shipment feedback was negative. During the same time period in 2018, 57% of feedback was negative.  "}
{"id": "doc3895", "text": "Focusing on carrier performance, Convey found that exceptions (defined as a temporary delay in transit) are down 17% year-over-year. Convey data shows 9.5% of all packages shipped since Thanksgiving experienced an exception, which is a decrease from 11.1% in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc3896", "text": "On-time percentage for shipments that went out on the five days of Cyber Week (Thanksgiving Day Nov. 28 – Cyber Monday Dec. 2) improved by 7% in 2019 for the top three carriers. Almost nine out of 10 packages (89.3%) arrived within their original estimated delivery date, up from 82.3% during the prior-year period."}
{"id": "doc3897", "text": "On-time percentages for the five days of Cyber Week for the USPS & FedEx parcel carriers improved this year. Eighty-eight percent of FedEx shipments arrived within their original estimated delivery date, up from 80% during the same period in 2018. UPS fared better than FedEx with 91.6% of shipments arriving within their estimated delivery date, up from 86% a year earlier."}
{"id": "doc3898", "text": "New data from e-commerce platform Shopify reveals three key factors millennial shoppers will look for this Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc3899", "text": "A Shopify survey of 500 U.S. consumers indicates that personalization, unique in-store experiences, and social responsibility are all top-of-mind for many millennial consumers planning to make purchases this Black Friday/Cyber Monday weekend. Fifty-three percent of millennial respondents say a personalized shopping experience is important in deciding where to shop, compared to 42% of all respondents. "}
{"id": "doc3900", "text": "Millennials are similarly more likely to buy a product in person from a store offering a unique shopping experience (51% vs. 39%), prioritize shopping at stores that have demonstrated social responsibility (58% vs. 46%), and pay for a product if it produced using sustainable manufacturing (49% vs. 32%)."}
{"id": "doc3901", "text": "Interestingly, millennials are also the consumers most likely to shop over Black Friday weekend, along with consumers with families. More than four out of five (83%) millennials plan to make a purchase, making them the generation most likely to shop compared to Gen Xers (71%) and baby boomers (52%). In addition,85% of respondents with children living at home plan to make a purchase. Fewer respondents without children at home plan to purchase (58%). "}
{"id": "doc3902", "text": "Additional findings include:"}
{"id": "doc3903", "text": "•    Respondents plan to spend $550 on average, with men expected to spend 65% more than women ($694 vs. $421);"}
{"id": "doc3904", "text": "•     Fifty-four percent of respondents that purchased during Black Friday/Cyber Monday in 2018 plan to spend the same amount this year, while 29% plan to spend more;"}
{"id": "doc3905", "text": "•    Sixty-eight percent of respondents plan to make a purchase, which represents a 17% increase over 2018; "}
{"id": "doc3906", "text": "•    Forty-nine percent of respondents plan to shop online only, 8% plan to shop in-store only; and 43% plan to shop both online and in-person."}
{"id": "doc3907", "text": "•    Respondents who intend to make an online purchase listed sales (70%), free shipping (58%), time-saving (55%) and competitive prices (39%) as key motivations."}
{"id": "doc3908", "text": "•    Eighty-four percent of respondents expect that retailers will offer free shipping for their purchases."}
{"id": "doc3909", "text": "•    Of respondents who intend to make an in-store purchase, 60% indicated wanting to see/touch the product, while 50% indicated wanting to get the product right away as a key factor."}
{"id": "doc3910", "text": "Consumers under 25 are more likely to engage in a “traditional” shopping activity over Thanksgiving weekend."}
{"id": "doc3911", "text": "According to a new survey of about 8,000 consumers from the National Retail Federation (NRF) and Prosper Insights, an estimated 165.3 million people are likely to shop Thanksgiving Day through Cyber Monday. Of those planning to shop, 47% plan to start in-store and 41% plan to start online. Interestingly, “digital natives” under 25 are more likely to say they expect to start shopping in-store (52%)."}
{"id": "doc3912", "text": "Younger consumers are significantly more likely to shop over the Thanksgiving weekend (Thursday, Nov. 28 – Monday, Dec. 2). Among those ages 18-24, 88% say they are likely to shop and particularly enjoy the social aspect. Similarly, 84% of those ages 25-34 plan to shop. That compares with 69% of holiday shoppers overall."}
{"id": "doc3913", "text": "Throughout the course of the holiday weekend, 39.6 million consumers are considering shopping on Thanksgiving Day, 114.6 million on Black Friday, 66.6 million on Small Business Saturday and 33.3 million on Sunday. The shopping weekend will wrap up on Cyber Monday, when 68.7 million are expected to take advantage of online bargains."}
{"id": "doc3914", "text": "The top reasons consumers are planning to shop include:•    The deals are too good to pass up (65%);•    Tradition (28%);•    Its when they like to start their holiday shopping (22%);•    Its something to do over the holiday (21%);•    Its a group activity with friends/family (17%)."}
{"id": "doc3915", "text": "For consumers who do not plan to shop, more than half (53%) say something could convince them. The top reasons given that would change their minds are a sale or discount on an item they want (26%), if a family member or friend invites them to shop (12%), if they could be sure the items they want are available (11%) or a free shipping offer (11%)."}
{"id": "doc3916", "text": "“The tradition of Thanksgiving weekend holiday shopping has become a five-day event with consumers spending money in stores, supporting local small businesses, and online with their mobile devices and computers,” NRF president and CEO Matthew Shay said. “Even as people are starting to purchase gifts earlier in the season, consumers still enjoy finding good Thanksgiving deals and passing time shopping with family and friends over the long holiday weekend.”"}
{"id": "doc3917", "text": "NRF’s previously released annual holiday forecast estimates that holiday retail sales in November and December will be up between 3.8% and 4.2% over 2018 for a total of between $727.9 billion and $730.7 billion."}
{"id": "doc3918", "text": "Move over, Black Friday and Cyber Monday - Super Saturday just broke single-day U.S. sales records."}
{"id": "doc3919", "text": "According to figures from retail consulting and research firm CGP, Super Saturday sales on Dec. 21, 2019 reached a record $34.4 billion, marking the largest single day in U.S. retail history. The stunning sales broke the old record of $31.9 billion on Super Saturday 2018, and represents a slight increase from CGP’s forecast of $34 billion for the day, including both store and online sales."}
{"id": "doc3920", "text": "Super Saturday sales of $34.4 billion were 10% above Black Friday’s $31.2 billion total. Cumulatively, online sales have comprised 58% of the year-over-year growth in holiday retail spending in 2019 so far, according to CGP. "}
{"id": "doc3921", "text": "Other Super Saturday findings include:"}
{"id": "doc3922", "text": "•    Robust job and wage growth, along with healthy household finances, drove the increase from Super Saturday 2018.•    Transaction velocity rose across most retail sectors, but was strongest at off-price stores.•    Footfall was still down at most malls, but conversion rates rose, offsetting the weakness.•    Women are shopping more like men, with more tech spending displacing apparel, and now comprising 50% of customer traffic at Best Buy and Apple, up from about 40% in 2014."}
{"id": "doc3923", "text": "“After a warm fall that depressed October and early November outerwear sales, retail has gained speed ever since, peaking on Super Saturday, and Sunday was no slouch as well,” said Craig Johnson, president of CGP. “Paced by the ‘Big Four’ mega-retailers—Walmart, Amazon, Costco and Target—Super Saturday was boosted by the best traffic our team has seen in years. The spending momentum was so strong, that even the long-ailing department stores had their best weekend of the season.  "}
{"id": "doc3924", "text": "“The question now is whether today’s stellar momentum leads to sustained economic growth into 2020 and beyond,” Johnson continued.  “The week between Christmas and New Year’s is now the third biggest week of the season—and may be a ‘tell’ for the consumer.”  "}
{"id": "doc3925", "text": "CGP’s holiday analysis is based on quantitative surveys conducted across 50 major retailers in over 100 benchmark mall and off-mall shopping venues that CGP has tracked since 2005."}
{"id": "doc3926", "text": "The news on retail store openings and closings continues to make headlines. "}
{"id": "doc3927", "text": "Some observers predict a continued march toward empty stores and malls in favor of online shopping, while others focus on the innovative new retail concepts, in-store refresh initiatives, and specialty stores positioning for new growth. There’s a consensus though - the retail landscape is changing dramatically - and today’s chain store retailers will have to deliver a more positive shopping experience to stay in the game. "}
{"id": "doc3928", "text": "While there will always be varying perspectives on the news, we need to take a balanced view. For example, IHL’s retail analyst Greg Buzek made headlines of his own with a different take on conclusions from a widely publicized retail report that predicted thousands of store closings in coming years. "}
{"id": "doc3929", "text": "While Buzek praised the historical sales data used to make the dim predictions, he raised serious concerns that the report relied primarily on math, excluded current retail trends, and was written with an inherent bias toward online sales as the primary and preferred future of retail. Its only premise was if online sales go up, store numbers must decrease.  "}
{"id": "doc3930", "text": "And this ignores the greatest area of retail growth, which is stores serving as the fulfillment channel for online sales and that over 80% of all retail sales will be fulfilled with the help of local stores.  "}
{"id": "doc3931", "text": "On the positive side for in-store retailers, Buzek noted that “it is very rare for a well-run retail business that has adapted to changes in consumer trends, invested in technologies and has a reasonable balance sheet to have closed a sizable number of stores.”  "}
{"id": "doc3932", "text": "Smart stores – open doorsThe “smart stores will stay open” prediction holds good insight. Keeping close tabs on consumer trends and investing in the right technology are strategies that many forward-thinking chain retailers are adapting right now. In the past 12 months, we’ve seen retailers of all types positioning to serve the new consumer.  "}
{"id": "doc3933", "text": "Store services draw a crowdIn addition to new stores opening their doors, smart retailers of all kinds are offering new “store within a store” experiences to better satisfy customers, as well as in-store services such as returns processing to draw online shoppers into the store. Other high-growth shopping trends that have an in-store component include “buy online and pick-up in store” (BOPIS) and “click and collect” (C&C). "}
{"id": "doc3934", "text": "Boost store efficiency and customer experience with the right technology To boost store efficiency, many chain store retailers are placing a high priority on deploying newer technology to provide an improved in-store experience and seamless processes for shopping, check-out and returns.  "}
{"id": "doc3935", "text": "As new systems for store improvements are evaluated, technologies such as AI or IoT are often touted as must-haves. And while retail systems deploying these technologies hold promise, they can be expensive and require long, complex implementations. For retailers seeking to quickly implement changes that improve operations and experiences, the smartest place to start is also the simplest: barcode labeling. "}
{"id": "doc3936", "text": "Implementing a barcode labeling system in retail is quick, easy and cost effective. Retailers will boost operational efficiency at checkout, on the sales floor, in the aisle, or even in the warehouse with the ability to print labels, receipts and tags on-demand. There are a wide range of uses in retail including:"}
{"id": "doc3937", "text": "•    Product labels and tags •    Shelf-edge labels and tags•    Receipts•    Mobile POS•    Queue-busting receipts•    Proof of purchase labeling•    Online order/in-store pickup labeling (BOPIS, C&C)•    Returns labeling•    Invoices•    Custom labels (paint, materials, and fabrics)•    Inventory and price display compliance•    Standalone labeling"}
{"id": "doc3938", "text": "One type of retail labeling solution with a fast path to payback is the popular quick deploy kit, which gives retailers a turnkey, all-in-one system. Retailers can quickly realize the operational benefits of using compact, lightweight mobile label printers for fast printing in-aisle or across the showroom floor, as well as take advantage of stationary printer options for store counter or back-of-store needs. "}
{"id": "doc3939", "text": "Another important consideration for retailers seeking a smooth transition is to choose systems that are out-of-the-box ready and stand-alone, so there is no need for POS, ERP or price book interfaces. That way, sales associates, warehouse employees or other staff can simply load SKU, UPC or menu item files directly into the printer from a mobile device or desktop, connect a USB scanner via host port or Bluetooth, scan barcodes and print. "}
{"id": "doc3940", "text": "Retail sunset or reinvigoration? Retail news will always make headlines. And while it’s safe to say that some stores will close and sunset, new stores and chains in exciting new categories are continuing to open up shop and thrive. Those retailers with an eye on deploying technology for peak operational efficiency and to support new in-store experiences will be best positioned to keep cash registers rolling to ring up profits. "}
{"id": "doc3941", "text": "David Crist is president of Brother Mobile Solutions Inc."}
{"id": "doc3942", "text": "Store associates are rapidly gaining the ability to provide shoppers with omnichannel services."}
{"id": "doc3943", "text": "According to the annual Omnichannel Leadership Report from NewStore, close to seven in 10 (68%) store associates are using a mobile device in 2019, up from 60% in 2018 and 10% in 2017. The study, which assesses the omnichannel capabilities of over 200 luxury, premium, and lifestyle retailers, found the overall omnichannel competence score of assessed retailers as only 40 out of a 1-to-100 scale (with 100 as top score)."}
{"id": "doc3944", "text": "Nevertheless, the study also reveals significant omnichannel momentum. Data reveals 51% of store associates now have access to organization-wide inventory levels from a mobile device, up from 39% in 2018. And 58% of store associates can see omnichannel purchase history, up from 32% in 2018."}
{"id": "doc3945", "text": "Almost half (47%) of associates can perform an endless aisle purchase for customers in-store, up from 33% in 2018. Three-quarters (74%) of brands allow the use of digital payments in-store, up from 57% in 2018."}
{"id": "doc3946", "text": "Other interesting findings include:•    90% of retailers still have a traditional cash-wrap.•    56% of retailers offer buy online return in store (BORIS).•    33% of retailers offer mobile checkout."}
{"id": "doc3947", "text": "The study also ranked the top five “omni leaders,” the retailers with the most advanced omnichannel capabilities for 2019-2020. They are:1.    Nike2.    Athleta3.    Moncler4.    Louis Vuitton5.    Banana Republic"}
{"id": "doc3948", "text": "“The brands that really struggle are those that operate online and in-store in silos, on systems that were never built with other channels in mind,” said Stephan Schambach, founder and CEO, NewStore. “The key to omnichannel is having a single system for real-time omni data - inventory, customers and orders. And more importantly, putting this in the hands of store associates.”"}
{"id": "doc3949", "text": "Macy’s is encouraging consumers to “feel good” in the newest version of its ever-changing, narrative-driven in-store experiential concept. "}
{"id": "doc3950", "text": "The department store retailer has added “Feel Good Story” shops to 36 locations nationwide. The concept is the latest iteration of Story at Macy’s and comes about 20 months after Macy’s acquired Story, the experiential Manhattan retailer that reinvents itself with a new theme every couple of months."}
{"id": "doc3951", "text": "Macy’s is partnering with fitness and wellness media platform Well+Good on the wellness-focused shop concept, which features three curated spaces with merchandise and experiences to help shoppers feel “balanced, energized and nourished.” "}
{"id": "doc3952", "text": "To bring the Feel Good experience to life, the in-store environment includes meditation spaces in partnership with the sleep, meditation, and relaxation app Calm at all locations and a range of community-centered events focused on wellness. The shops will host events featuring local experts in the health-and-wellness space for cooking classes, panel discussions, meditation workshops, a manicure bar, yoga and barre classes and more. "}
{"id": "doc3953", "text": "Macy’s Herald Square flagship in New York City will leverage its large footprint with an expanded Story experience that includes The Calm Booth by ROOM, a soundproof and acoustic booth “designed to bring mindfulness into busy environments. The Nourished section includes a market stocked with healthful grab-and-go snacks. And at both Herald Square and State Street Chicago, the shop will feature Farmer’s Fridge, a vending machine stocked with healthy options such as salads and breakfast bowls."}
{"id": "doc3954", "text": "“Feel Good Story” has launched at the following Macy’s locations:•    Macy’s South Coast Plaza – Costa Mesa, Calif.•    Macy’s Newport Fashion Island – Newport Beach, Calif.•    Macy’s Stoneridge – Pleasanton, Calif.•    Macy’s Union Square – San Francisco•    Macy’s Westfield Valley Fair – Santa Clara, Calif.•    Macy’s Boca Raton Town Center – Boca Raton, Fla.•    Macy’s Dadeland – Miami•    Macy’s Orlando Millenia – Orlando, Fla.•    Macy’s Lenox Square- Atlanta, Ga.•    Macy’s Perimeter – Atlanta, Ga.•    Macy’s State Street – Chicago•    Macy’s Woodfield – Schaumburg, Ill.•    Macy’s Castleton Square – Indianapolis•    Macy’s Fayette – Lexington, Ky.•    Macy’s Ridgedale – Minnetonka, Minn.•    Macy’s Las Vegas Fashion Show – Las Vegas•    Macy’s Bridgewater – Bridgewater Township, N.J.•    Macy’s Freehold – Freehold Township, N.J.•    Macy’s Short Hills – Short Hills, N.J.•    Macy’s Willowbrook – Wayne, N.J.•    Macy’s Brooklyn – Brooklyn, NY•    Macy’s Roosevelt Field – Long Island, N.Y.•    Macy’s Herald Square – New York, N.Y.•    Macy’s Queens Center – Queens, N.Y.•    Macy’s Cross County – Yonkers, N.Y.•    Macy’s Kenwood Towne Centre – Cincinnati•    Macy’s Easton Town Center – Columbus, Ohio•    Macy’s Polaris Fashion Place – Columbus, Ohio•    Macy’s Center City – Philadelphia•    Macy’s Ross Park – Pittsburgh•    Macy’s Northpark Center – Dallas•    Macy’s Houston Galleria – Houston•    Macy’s Memorial City – Houston•    Macy’s Bellevue – Bellevue, Wash.•    Macy’s Alderwood – Lynnwood, Wash.•    Macy’s Metro Center – Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc3955", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc3956", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc3957", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc3958", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc3959", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc3960", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc3961", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc3962", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc3963", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc3964", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc3965", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc3966", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc3967", "text": "Millennial and Gen Z consumers will share personal data with retailers — for the right shopping perks."}
{"id": "doc3968", "text": "According to “Personalize to Play,” a new consumer study from digital advertising and analytics firm Adlucent, more than two-thirds (68%) of respondents age 18-34 have logged into a website with a social media account to avoid having to create a new login. In addition, 67% have given up their email address to gain access to promotions, sweepstakes, discounts or notifications."}
{"id": "doc3969", "text": "While these results indicate millennial and Gen Z shoppers will exchange data that can be used for personalization in exchange for greater convenience and better prices, the survey also reveals retailers need to carefully target their efforts. Almost half (47%) of younger consumers prefer relevant ads on sites they access for free.  "}
{"id": "doc3970", "text": "Other notable results from consumers age 18-34 include:"}
{"id": "doc3971", "text": "•    Nearly 40% recall clicking on an ad before making a purchase.•    The majority have spent up to $200 online as their biggest purchase, and 25% have spent up to $500. In addition, 51% said it takes them two to six days to make a purchase they consider a high order value.•    Over half shop at night and only 6% shop in the morning. The younger generations are shopping in their free time and primarily on mobile. "}
{"id": "doc3972", "text": "Furthermore, 50% of respondents of all ages said they feel “creeped out” when served a digital ad for a product they just purchased. Adlucent surveyed a total of 900 U.S. consumers aged 18-64. "}
{"id": "doc3973", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc3974", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc3975", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc3976", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc3977", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc3978", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc3979", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc3980", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc3981", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc3982", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc3983", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc3984", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc3985", "text": "Retailers are optimistic about the 2019 holiday season, despite its brevity."}
{"id": "doc3986", "text": "According to the new edition of the annual Adobe Analytics Holiday Retailer Insights survey, 61% of 403 surveyed U.S. retailers with annual revenues over $500,000 expect the holiday season to be better than 2018. However, 41% of respondents are concerned about the shorter season this year. "}
{"id": "doc3987", "text": "In response to there being six fewer days between Black Friday and Christmas in 2019 than in 2018, three-quarters of respondents plan to start sales earlier due. Almost eight in 10 (78%) plan to increase customer communications, while 62% will send holiday-specific emails, texts, and social posts. Another 62% of respondents agree that social media influencer campaigns are becoming an important marketing channel."}
{"id": "doc3988", "text": "More than half (55%) of respondents offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services. This includes 64% of respondents with annual revenue over $10 million and 48% of respondents with annual revenue less than $10 million. Forty-eight percent of larger respondents and 45% of smaller respondents say BOPIS represents a significant portion of their sales."}
{"id": "doc3989", "text": "Only 7% of respondents currently use voice technology as a sales tool. However, 62% re investigating or plan to use voice technology for sales in the future, while 31% don’t see value in voice. Fifty-six percent of respondents leveraging voice-enabled sales track customer usage and results."}
{"id": "doc3990", "text": "Examining retailer views toward online holiday sales, the survey found that 94% of respondents agree having a physical presence gives a competitive edge over online-only retailers. Top concerns about online holiday sales include staying price competitive (40%), shipping on time (23%), converting visits (22%), and competing on perks such as free shipping and driving site traffic (20% each)."}
{"id": "doc3991", "text": "Other interesting statistics include:"}
{"id": "doc3992", "text": "•    56% of respondents are creating experiential shopping (mock showrooms, augmented reality, other additive elements) for the holidays.•    66% say loyalty programs provide net benefit to their business.•    73% say company apps are becoming an increasingly important sales driver."}
{"id": "doc3993", "text": "Gap Inc. is looking to capitalize on the synergy of its brands."}
{"id": "doc3994", "text": "The retailer has opened pop-ups for two of its smaller divisions – men’s performance activewear brand Hill City and children’s apparel retailer Janie and Jack – in their “sister brand” locations. The Hill City pop-up is located inside six Athleta stores in Northern California and one in Oregon. Janie and Jack, which Gap acquired early this year, has opened a pop-up inside two Banana Republic stores."}
{"id": "doc3995", "text": "Hill City, which Gap launched digitally a year ago, opened its first physical store in October, a 12-month temporary outpost in San Francisco. Last year, 50 Athleta stores gave a first look at Hill City apparel to touch and feel, but from now until early spring 2020, shoppers can buy products on-site in the select Athleta locations.  "}
{"id": "doc3996", "text": "“Athleta and Hill City both design products for active lifestyles that merge performance with comfort, style, and versatility,” said Noah Palmer, head of Hill City."}
{"id": "doc3997", "text": "The Janie and Jack pop-ups are located at the Banana Republic on Grant Ave. in San Francisco and on Broadway in SoHo, New York."}
{"id": "doc3998", "text": "“It’s a natural fit for Janie and Jack to show up in a Banana Republic store,” said Shelly Walsh, general manager and senior VP of Janie and Jack. “As the customer is buying holiday outfits for themselves, parents, and loved ones, they can now buy for the kids too.”"}
{"id": "doc3999", "text": "The Athleta locations that will feature Hill City products are located below:"}
{"id": "doc4000", "text": "•    Corte Madera Town Center – Corte Madera, Calif.•    Fillmore St. – San Francisco•    Sutter St. -- San Francisco•    Bishop Ranch -- San Ramon, Calif.•    Burlingame Ave. -- Burlingame, Calif.•    Town and Country -- Palo Alto, Calif.•    Old Mill District – Bend, Ore."}
{"id": "doc4001", "text": "It is now illegal to sell tobacco products — including e-cigarettes and vaping cartridges — to anyone under the age of 21."}
{"id": "doc4002", "text": "The U.S. Food and Drug Administration officially raised the legal age to purchase all tobacco products from 18 to 21. The measure, which has bi-partisan support, was included in a spending package that President Trump signed into law on Dec. 20. While initially there was some confusion as to exactly when the age change would take effect, the FDA has posted a message on its website that declared the change is now in effect."}
{"id": "doc4003", "text": "“It is now illegal for a retailer to sell any tobacco product – including cigarettes, cigars and e-cigarettes – to anyone under 21, the FDA said on its website. “FDA will provide additional details on this issue as they become available.”"}
{"id": "doc4004", "text": "Prior to the new law, 19 states had already raised the minimum age to buy tobacco products to 21: Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia and Washington. Washington, D.C., and more than 500 municipalities and counties also previously raised the age to 21."}
{"id": "doc4005", "text": "Schnucks is getting out of the pharmacy business. "}
{"id": "doc4006", "text": "CVS Pharmacy has entered into an agreement to acquire Schnuck Markets Inc.s retail and specialty pharmacy businesses. Under the agreement, CVS Pharmacy will acquire and operate 99 of the grocers pharmacies and will brand them as CVS Pharmacy. Additionally, CVS Pharmacy will acquire the prescription files from 11 Schnucks pharmacies and transfer them to nearby CVS Pharmacy locations."}
{"id": "doc4007", "text": "This will not be the first time that CVS Pharmacy will operate its pharmacies in a store-within-a-store format. In December 2015, the company acquired Targets 1,672 pharmacies nationwide. (In addition, a CVS/pharmacy is included in all new Target stores that offer pharmacy services.)"}
{"id": "doc4008", "text": "CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks positioned the deal as a strategic move to bring together the established Midwestern grocer and CVS Pharmacy’s pharmacy services and clinical expertise. CVS Health noted that the agreement also provides it with a “capital-efficient” way to expand into key markets. "}
{"id": "doc4009", "text": "Founded in St. Louis in 1939, Schnuck Markets, Inc. is a third-generation, family-owned retailer operating 112 stores in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa. "}
{"id": "doc4010", "text": "We have great admiration for Schnucks and believe CVS Pharmacy can bring additional clinical services to its customers,” Jon Roberts, executive VP and COO, CVS Health. “One of CVS Healths strategic imperatives is to Be Local. By opening CVS Pharmacy locations within Schnucks stores, were increasing access to high quality care and meeting customers where they are.”"}
{"id": "doc4011", "text": "The companies also highlighted their shared belief on not selling tobacco products. CVS Pharmacy stopped selling tobacco in 2014, while Schnucks stopped selling the category at the beginning of this year."}
{"id": "doc4012", "text": "As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus, said Todd Schnuck, chairman and CEO of Schnucks. This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain."}
{"id": "doc4013", "text": "Once the deal is completed, Schnucks customers will have access to CVS Pharmacy’s various patient care programs, including health management opportunities, the CVS Pharmacy app and medication management via CVs Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule. "}
{"id": "doc4014", "text": "CVS Pharmacy said that it would post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions and interview all Schnucks employees who apply. Changes will roll out over the course of several months following the completion of the transaction, which is expected to close by the end of the second quarter."}
{"id": "doc4015", "text": "In 2014, CVS Pharmacy became the first and only major retail pharmacy to remove tobacco from its shelves. Schnucks stores became tobacco-free as of January 1, 2020. Schnucks decision to exit tobacco further aligns the company with CVS Health."}
{"id": "doc4016", "text": "“As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus,” said Todd Schnuck, chairman and chief executive officer of Schnucks. “This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain.”"}
{"id": "doc4017", "text": "To provide continuity for Schnucks pharmacy customers, CVS Pharmacy will post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions, and will interview all Schnucks employees who apply. In-store changes will be rolled out over a period of several months after the completion of the transaction as CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks work to ensure the smoothest possible transition for all pharmacy patients. "}
{"id": "doc4018", "text": "Schnucks Specialty pharmacy patients will benefit from CVS Specialtys expertise in providing ongoing disease education, counseling and benefits verification, as well as coordination of care with multiple health care providers, comprehensive patient education and adherence management."}
{"id": "doc4019", "text": "Following completion of the transaction, all Schnucks pharmacy customers will have access to CVS Pharmacys leading pharmacy care programs, features of which include: "}
{"id": "doc4020", "text": "•    Opportunities for patients to manage their health with more ease and efficiency and gain access to programs that help them start and stay on their prescriptions while reducing overall health care costs. With the CVS Pharmacy app, patients can be notified when prescriptions are ready for pick-up and order refills digitally."}
{"id": "doc4021", "text": "•    Simplification of medication management for patients with multiple prescriptions, through the utilization of the CVS Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule, a tool that provides a complete picture of the patients current CVS Pharmacy prescription information all in one place, including the name of each medication, when to take it, and how much medication to take in each dose. "}
{"id": "doc4022", "text": "The transaction is expected to be completed by end of the second quarter and is subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc4023", "text": "CVS Pharmacy is looking to expand its appeal to millennials while also making a defensive move against Amazon as the online giant becomes more aggressive in health care."}
{"id": "doc4024", "text": "CVS is expanding its CarePass program nationwide after testing it in the Boston area and other select markets. Described as the first membership rewards program to offer free national pharmacy delivery, CarePass has a $5 monthly membership fee, or a discounted annual fee of $48. Members receive free one-to-two day delivery on qualifying prescriptions and other purchases on CVS.com along with a 20% discount on CVS-branded items, including over-the-counter medications, vitamins, supplements and personal care items and a monthly $10 promotional coupon."}
{"id": "doc4025", "text": "In addition, CarePass members have access 24/7 to a pharmacist helpline. The pharmacist will hace access to customers’ prescription history and be able to answer questions about their medications on-demand."}
{"id": "doc4026", "text": "The results of the pilot showed that CarePass appeals to a broad consumer audience, 20% of whom are millennials, according to CVS. The program has resulted in a 15-20% average increase in purchases after a member joins."}
{"id": "doc4027", "text": "Initial customer response has exceeded our expectations with members utilizing the programs full benefits and becoming more engaged across all of our digital offerings,” said Kevin Hourican, executive VP, CVS Health and president, CVS Pharmacy. We are thrilled to expand CarePass nationally, bringing simplified value to our customer while making it easier for them to care for themselves and their families.”"}
{"id": "doc4028", "text": "The rollout of CarePass comes amid increased competition in the healthcare space by both traditional and non-traditional players."}
{"id": "doc4029", "text": "Schnucks is getting out of the pharmacy business. "}
{"id": "doc4030", "text": "CVS Pharmacy has entered into an agreement to acquire Schnuck Markets Inc.s retail and specialty pharmacy businesses. Under the agreement, CVS Pharmacy will acquire and operate 99 of the grocers pharmacies and will brand them as CVS Pharmacy. Additionally, CVS Pharmacy will acquire the prescription files from 11 Schnucks pharmacies and transfer them to nearby CVS Pharmacy locations."}
{"id": "doc4031", "text": "This will not be the first time that CVS Pharmacy will operate its pharmacies in a store-within-a-store format. In December 2015, the company acquired Targets 1,672 pharmacies nationwide. (In addition, a CVS/pharmacy is included in all new Target stores that offer pharmacy services.)"}
{"id": "doc4032", "text": "CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks positioned the deal as a strategic move to bring together the established Midwestern grocer and CVS Pharmacy’s pharmacy services and clinical expertise. CVS Health noted that the agreement also provides it with a “capital-efficient” way to expand into key markets. "}
{"id": "doc4033", "text": "Founded in St. Louis in 1939, Schnuck Markets, Inc. is a third-generation, family-owned retailer operating 112 stores in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa. "}
{"id": "doc4034", "text": "We have great admiration for Schnucks and believe CVS Pharmacy can bring additional clinical services to its customers,” Jon Roberts, executive VP and COO, CVS Health. “One of CVS Healths strategic imperatives is to Be Local. By opening CVS Pharmacy locations within Schnucks stores, were increasing access to high quality care and meeting customers where they are.”"}
{"id": "doc4035", "text": "The companies also highlighted their shared belief on not selling tobacco products. CVS Pharmacy stopped selling tobacco in 2014, while Schnucks stopped selling the category at the beginning of this year."}
{"id": "doc4036", "text": "As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus, said Todd Schnuck, chairman and CEO of Schnucks. This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain."}
{"id": "doc4037", "text": "Once the deal is completed, Schnucks customers will have access to CVS Pharmacy’s various patient care programs, including health management opportunities, the CVS Pharmacy app and medication management via CVs Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule. "}
{"id": "doc4038", "text": "CVS Pharmacy said that it would post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions and interview all Schnucks employees who apply. Changes will roll out over the course of several months following the completion of the transaction, which is expected to close by the end of the second quarter."}
{"id": "doc4039", "text": "In 2014, CVS Pharmacy became the first and only major retail pharmacy to remove tobacco from its shelves. Schnucks stores became tobacco-free as of January 1, 2020. Schnucks decision to exit tobacco further aligns the company with CVS Health."}
{"id": "doc4040", "text": "“As Schnucks continues to expand our emphasis on health and wellness, this collaboration with CVS is an opportunity for us to align with a company that has a similar focus,” said Todd Schnuck, chairman and chief executive officer of Schnucks. “This partnership allows us to continue to provide quality pharmacy services to our customers in a manner theyve come to expect, while supporting our mission to nourish peoples lives. It also provides our pharmacy teammates an opportunity to further their careers with a premier retail pharmacy chain.”"}
{"id": "doc4041", "text": "To provide continuity for Schnucks pharmacy customers, CVS Pharmacy will post all pharmacist and pharmacy technician positions, and will interview all Schnucks employees who apply. In-store changes will be rolled out over a period of several months after the completion of the transaction as CVS Pharmacy and Schnucks work to ensure the smoothest possible transition for all pharmacy patients. "}
{"id": "doc4042", "text": "Schnucks Specialty pharmacy patients will benefit from CVS Specialtys expertise in providing ongoing disease education, counseling and benefits verification, as well as coordination of care with multiple health care providers, comprehensive patient education and adherence management."}
{"id": "doc4043", "text": "Following completion of the transaction, all Schnucks pharmacy customers will have access to CVS Pharmacys leading pharmacy care programs, features of which include: "}
{"id": "doc4044", "text": "•    Opportunities for patients to manage their health with more ease and efficiency and gain access to programs that help them start and stay on their prescriptions while reducing overall health care costs. With the CVS Pharmacy app, patients can be notified when prescriptions are ready for pick-up and order refills digitally."}
{"id": "doc4045", "text": "•    Simplification of medication management for patients with multiple prescriptions, through the utilization of the CVS Pharmacy ScriptPath Prescription Schedule, a tool that provides a complete picture of the patients current CVS Pharmacy prescription information all in one place, including the name of each medication, when to take it, and how much medication to take in each dose. "}
{"id": "doc4046", "text": "The transaction is expected to be completed by end of the second quarter and is subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc4047", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc4048", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc4049", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc4050", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc4051", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc4052", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc4053", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond had little to cheer about in its fourth quarter update amid declining store traffic and inventory issues."}
{"id": "doc4054", "text": "In preliminary results for the first two months (December and January) of the quarter, the embattled home goods retailer reported a 5.4% decline in comparable sales driven primarily by store traffic declines combined with inventory management issues and increased promotional activity and markdowns. (The company will report its full results on Wednesday, April 15, 2020.)"}
{"id": "doc4055", "text": "In other challenges, Bed Bath & Beyond said that inventory within certain key categories in its assortment was too low or out-of-stock leading into the holiday period. The company said it is “immediately reforming its internal planning and inventory management procedures to master the fundamentals.”"}
{"id": "doc4056", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it provided the update “to provide visibility into the current pressures on the business, which the companys new management has been reviewing to ascertain insights and key learnings.”"}
{"id": "doc4057", "text": "“We are experiencing short-term pain in our efforts to stabilize the business, including the pressures of store traffic trends coupled with our own executional challenges,” said Mark J. Tritton, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and has wasted no time in cleaning house, announcing a leadership shakeup in December. "}
{"id": "doc4058", "text": "On a directional basis, comparable sales from stores in November and December were down nearly 11%. Comparable sales from digital channels grew approximately 20%.  "}
{"id": "doc4059", "text": "The companys gross margin during the first two months of the fourth quarter declined around 300 basis points primarily due to an unfavorable impact on merchandise margin from promotional activity during the period. The retailer said the increased penetration of digital sales within its mix of total sales during the period unfavorably impacted gross margin."}
{"id": "doc4060", "text": "“As we take steps to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term sustainable growth, we are fast tracking our efforts to rebalance our portfolio, reset our cost structure, and enhance our leadership and talent,” Tritton said. "}
{"id": "doc4061", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has a new chief merchant."}
{"id": "doc4062", "text": "The home goods chain named Joe Hartsig as executive VP, chief merchandising officer of Bed Bath & Beyond and president of the company’s cosmetics, health and beauty business, Harmon Stores Inc., effective immediately."}
{"id": "doc4063", "text": "Most recently, Hartsig served as senior VP and chief merchandising officer at Walgreens, where he managed the front of store retail products division. Prior to Walgreens, which he joined in 2013, Hartsig served as senior VP, GMM, at Walmart’s Sam’s Club. Before that, he was with Motorola. "}
{"id": "doc4064", "text": "Hartsig’s appointment comes as Mark Tritton, who joined Bed Bath & Beyond as CEO in late 2019 from Target Corp., where he was chief merchant, is working to turn around the struggling chain. In December, Bed Bath & Beyond announced the departure of six executives, including the company’s chief merchant and chief marketing officer. Most recently, it announced a reduction in the size of its corporate workforce as part of a restructuring to streamline field operations."}
{"id": "doc4065", "text": "At Bed Bath & Beyond, Hartsig, who will report directly to Tritton, will be responsible for developing and implementing its product strategy, which involves launching new private label brands, one of the keys to its new strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc4066", "text": "“Joes experience as one of the leading innovators in retail makes him perfectly suited to help re-establish our authority in the home, baby and beauty markets and were excited to welcome him to this critically important role,” said Tritton. “Improving the curation and differentiation of our assortment is our number one strategic priority, and Joe will be the driving force behind our ambition to make it easy to feel at home with Bed Bath & Beyond, while also providing the leadership and vision needed to grow our Harmon business."}
{"id": "doc4067", "text": "In a statement, Hartsig said the opportunity to help rebuild “an iconic brand like Bed Bath & Beyond was too good to miss."}
{"id": "doc4068", "text": "Mark [Tritton] has a clear vision to reconstruct a modern, durable business model with a differentiated merchandising strategy at its heart,” he added."}
{"id": "doc4069", "text": "The company said it is on track in its search to fill a number of other strategic leadership roles and that it would provide an update on additional hires soon."}
{"id": "doc4070", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it will reveal its strategic plan in early 2020 as it swung to a third-quarter loss with sales and earnings that missed Street expectations."}
{"id": "doc4071", "text": "The embattled retailer also said it would delay closing 20 of its namesake stores until after the first half of fiscal 2020 in order to sell more of their merchandise. As previously reported https://chainstoreage.com/bed-bath-beyond-ramps-store-closures-swings-q2-loss, Bed Bath & Beyond planned to close 60 locations, including 40 namesake stores, in fiscal 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4072", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond expects sales and profitability to remain under pressure during the fourth quarter. The company said it was withdrawing its full-year forecast because of “headwinds” and because of ongoing work by new CEO Mark Tritton to assess the business and finalize the details of the companys go-forward strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc4073", "text": "Tritton, who left Target Corp. to take the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November, has wasted no time in making changes. In December, the company announced the departure of six members of its leadership team https://chainstoreage.com/big-leadership-shakeup-bed-bath-beyond, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. "}
{"id": "doc4074", "text": "In a statement, Tritton called the company’s third quarter performance “unsatisfactory and underscores the imperative for change and strengthens our sense of priorities and purpose.”"}
{"id": "doc4075", "text": "“We will be finalizing the details of our strategic plan over the next few months and appreciate your patience as we embark and pursue this journey to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term, sustainable growth,” he stated. "}
{"id": "doc4076", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond reported a net loss of $38.6 million, or a loss of $0.31 per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 30, down from net earnings of $24.4 million, or $0.18 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding items, Bed Bath & Beyond lost $0.38 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.02 per share."}
{"id": "doc4077", "text": "Net sales fell 9% to $2.8 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $2.85 billion. Same-store sales declined 8.3%. The retailer said its sales performance was significantly impacted by the late Thanksgiving, which resulted in one less week of holiday sales compared to the prior-year period. Adjusting for the 2019 calendar shift, same-store sales declined 3.6% during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc4078", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, the company had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc4079", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has begun to focus on its core assets — and streamline its portfolio — as the company moves to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc4080", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 of approximately $350 million to $400 million, primarily for investments in stores, IT and digital projects, and supply chain infrastructure. Bed Bath & Beyond also plans to spend about $600 million this fiscal year on share repurchases, dividends and debt reduction. "}
{"id": "doc4081", "text": "The financial strength of our business allows us to take the important steps needed to return capital to our shareholders and reduce our debt, while at the same time also investing in our customer,” said Mark Tritton, who was tapped as president and CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond in November. “This balanced approach to the use of our capital is expected to enhance shareholder value, improve the in-store and online experience and position our company to achieve our long-term objectives to deliver sustainable growth."}
{"id": "doc4082", "text": "The company also announced it has agreed to sell its PersonalizationMall.com business to 1-800-Flowers.com for $252 million. Tritton described the move as “another important step towards simplifying our portfolio and deepening our focus on our core home, baby and beauty businesses.”"}
{"id": "doc4083", "text": "“By unlocking valuable capital from within our business, we can accelerate the companys ongoing business transformation and our efforts to re-establish Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space,” he added. "}
{"id": "doc4084", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond noted it has a strong cash position, including the expected net proceeds from the Personalization.com sale, proceeds from the sale-leaseback transaction announced in January and anticipated cash from operations."}
{"id": "doc4085", "text": "The retailer also said it would continue to review its other brands, which include Christmas Tree Shops, World Market and buybuy Baby, and real estate “to support the transformation and enhance shareholder value.” Last week, Bed Bath & Beyond gave a fourth-quarter update in which Tritton warned of “short-term pain” in its efforts to stabilize its business."}
{"id": "doc4086", "text": "1-800-Flowers, which owns a variety of gift brands, including Harry & David, Moose Munch, The Popcorn Factory, Wolferman’s, Cheryl’s Cookies and more, has been steadily expanding its portfolio. Last summer, it was the successful bidder at an auction for bankrupt Shari’s Berries."}
{"id": "doc4087", "text": "“PersonalizationMall’s extensive product offering and industry-leading personalization capabilities will be an excellent addition to our growing family of popular gifting brands,” said Chris McCann, CEO, 1-800-Flowers. “The broad assortment of customizable products and processes that have made PersonalizationMall.com a premier provider of keepsake items will help us further our company’s vision to inspire more human expression, connection and celebration while enhancing our position as the leading one-stop destination for all our customers’ celebratory and gifting occasions.”"}
{"id": "doc4088", "text": "McCann noted that personalizationMall.com has achieved steady financial growth for the past several years, with revenues reaching more than $150 million in its most recent year. "}
{"id": "doc4089", "text": "“We expect PersonalizationMall.com to be accretive to our top and bottom-line results in fiscal 2021,” he said."}
{"id": "doc4090", "text": "PersonalizationMall.com will continue to provide product and personalization services to Bed Bath & Beyond and buybuy Baby after the close of the sale."}
{"id": "doc4091", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc4092", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc4093", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc4094", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc4095", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc4096", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc4097", "text": "The new CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond is cleaning house just six weeks into the job — and in the middle of the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc4098", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced the departure of six senior members, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. Also leaving are the chain’s chief legal officer & general counsel, and chief administrative officer."}
{"id": "doc4099", "text": "The sixth member, the chief brand officer, resigned last week. Bed Bath & Beyond said it has begun a search to fill the positions of chief merchandising officer, chief digital officer, general counsel and a newly combined chief marketing and brand officer position."}
{"id": "doc4100", "text": "The leadership shake-up is the first major move by Mark Tritton, the former chief merchandising officer of Target who took the reins at Bed Bath & Beyond in November. In a statement, the company described the move as a “ bold pivot” that reflects the priorities of Tritton, who will launch his new vision for the company in early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc4101", "text": "“This is the first in a number of important steps were taking,” Tritton stated. “Balancing our existing expertise with fresh perspectives from new, innovative leaders of change, will help us to better anticipate and support our customers in their life journeys and shopping needs."}
{"id": "doc4102", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has struggled to compete in the disrupted retail marketplace, challenged by traditional retailers such as Target and Walmart and online players such as Amazon. Same-store sales have been declining for three years and  its sales growth has fallen for three consecutive quarters. Net income has dropped for 10 straight quarters."}
{"id": "doc4103", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that its new leadership team will be charged with “streamlining decision-making, accelerating the pace of transformation, and re-establishing Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space through a more customer-focused, omnichannel retail operation, a redefined product assortment, and a more convenient and inspirational shopping experience.”  "}
{"id": "doc4104", "text": "Industry analysts have predicted that Tritton will likely focus on expanding Bed Bath & Beyond’s fledgling private labels and exclusive lines and upgrading its online and in-store experience.  "}
{"id": "doc4105", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it will reveal its strategic plan in early 2020 as it swung to a third-quarter loss with sales and earnings that missed Street expectations."}
{"id": "doc4106", "text": "The embattled retailer also said it would delay closing 20 of its namesake stores until after the first half of fiscal 2020 in order to sell more of their merchandise. As previously reported https://chainstoreage.com/bed-bath-beyond-ramps-store-closures-swings-q2-loss, Bed Bath & Beyond planned to close 60 locations, including 40 namesake stores, in fiscal 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4107", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond expects sales and profitability to remain under pressure during the fourth quarter. The company said it was withdrawing its full-year forecast because of “headwinds” and because of ongoing work by new CEO Mark Tritton to assess the business and finalize the details of the companys go-forward strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc4108", "text": "Tritton, who left Target Corp. to take the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November, has wasted no time in making changes. In December, the company announced the departure of six members of its leadership team https://chainstoreage.com/big-leadership-shakeup-bed-bath-beyond, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. "}
{"id": "doc4109", "text": "In a statement, Tritton called the company’s third quarter performance “unsatisfactory and underscores the imperative for change and strengthens our sense of priorities and purpose.”"}
{"id": "doc4110", "text": "“We will be finalizing the details of our strategic plan over the next few months and appreciate your patience as we embark and pursue this journey to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term, sustainable growth,” he stated. "}
{"id": "doc4111", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond reported a net loss of $38.6 million, or a loss of $0.31 per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 30, down from net earnings of $24.4 million, or $0.18 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding items, Bed Bath & Beyond lost $0.38 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.02 per share."}
{"id": "doc4112", "text": "Net sales fell 9% to $2.8 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $2.85 billion. Same-store sales declined 8.3%. The retailer said its sales performance was significantly impacted by the late Thanksgiving, which resulted in one less week of holiday sales compared to the prior-year period. Adjusting for the 2019 calendar shift, same-store sales declined 3.6% during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc4113", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, the company had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc4114", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has ended its search for a new chief executive officer, appointing a 30-year, well-respected retail veteran to the position."}
{"id": "doc4115", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer named Mark J. Tritton as president and CEO and as a member of its board, effective November 4, 2019. He succeeds interim CEO Mary A. Winston."}
{"id": "doc4116", "text": "Tritton joins Bed Bath & Beyond from Target Corp., where he served as executive VP and chief merchandising officer. Tritton was instrumental in building Target’s private-label strategy, reviving the company’s existing brands and launching more than 30 new brands in two and a half years. The discounter achieved eight consecutive quarters of same-store sales grown during his tenure, Bed Bath & Beyond noted. "}
{"id": "doc4117", "text": "“Mark’s ability to re-define the retail experience and drive growth at some of the world’s most successful retailers and brands makes him uniquely equipped to lead Bed Bath & Beyond during this critical time in our evolution,” said Patrick R. Gaston, chairman, Bed Bath & Beyond. “As an integral contributor to Target’s impressive transformation, we will benefit from his vision, leadership, and creativity to successfully transform our business.” "}
{"id": "doc4118", "text": "Before joining Target in 2016, Tritton was executive VP and president of Nordstrom Product Group, where he oversaw the merchandising, design, manufacturing, marketing and the omnichannel distribution of more than 50 private-label brands across Nordstrom’s full-price and off-price retail portfolio. "}
{"id": "doc4119", "text": "Prior to Nordstrom, Tritton was VP of global casual gear footwear and apparel at Timberland and has held several leadership positions at Nike Corporation, where he helped build both brands and expand them across global regions and channels in product and retail functions."}
{"id": "doc4120", "text": "Tritton joins Bed Bath & Beyond about a week after the retailer reported that it plans to close 60 stores by the end of this year, more than the 40 locations it had previously announced. The chain also reported mixed second-quarter results, including its 10th consecutive quarter of same-store sales declines."}
{"id": "doc4121", "text": "In recent months, the retailer has rolled out a number of initiatives to turn around and transform its ailing business, including a program to refresh 160 Bed Bath & Beyond stores and remove excess aged inventory from its stores in advance of the holiday season. The inventory reduction is part of an aggressive reduction of up to $1 billion in inventory during the next 18 months."}
{"id": "doc4122", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that Tritton’s immediate focus will be on accelerating the company’s ongoing business transformation, which includes “improving the omnichannel experience for consumers, enhancing the merchandise assortment and reviewing the company’s cost structure and asset base.”"}
{"id": "doc4123", "text": "“There is immense opportunity ahead for Bed Bath & Beyond, which remains one of the most recognizable and best loved retailers in the country today,” said Tritton. “The foundation of the company’s transformation has been set and I’m excited at the chance to apply my industry experience and expertise to build an even better business for customers, associates, and shareholders.”"}
{"id": "doc4124", "text": "Earlier this year, a group activist investors published a 168-slide presentation calling for big changes at the chain, including a leadership overhaul that called for replacing longtime CEO Steven Temares and the board of directors. Five directors stepped down in April. In May, Temares stepped down, replaced on an interim basis by Winston. She will continue to serve on the board."}
{"id": "doc4125", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has a new chief merchant."}
{"id": "doc4126", "text": "The home goods chain named Joe Hartsig as executive VP, chief merchandising officer of Bed Bath & Beyond and president of the company’s cosmetics, health and beauty business, Harmon Stores Inc., effective immediately."}
{"id": "doc4127", "text": "Most recently, Hartsig served as senior VP and chief merchandising officer at Walgreens, where he managed the front of store retail products division. Prior to Walgreens, which he joined in 2013, Hartsig served as senior VP, GMM, at Walmart’s Sam’s Club. Before that, he was with Motorola. "}
{"id": "doc4128", "text": "Hartsig’s appointment comes as Mark Tritton, who joined Bed Bath & Beyond as CEO in late 2019 from Target Corp., where he was chief merchant, is working to turn around the struggling chain. In December, Bed Bath & Beyond announced the departure of six executives, including the company’s chief merchant and chief marketing officer. Most recently, it announced a reduction in the size of its corporate workforce as part of a restructuring to streamline field operations."}
{"id": "doc4129", "text": "At Bed Bath & Beyond, Hartsig, who will report directly to Tritton, will be responsible for developing and implementing its product strategy, which involves launching new private label brands, one of the keys to its new strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc4130", "text": "“Joes experience as one of the leading innovators in retail makes him perfectly suited to help re-establish our authority in the home, baby and beauty markets and were excited to welcome him to this critically important role,” said Tritton. “Improving the curation and differentiation of our assortment is our number one strategic priority, and Joe will be the driving force behind our ambition to make it easy to feel at home with Bed Bath & Beyond, while also providing the leadership and vision needed to grow our Harmon business."}
{"id": "doc4131", "text": "In a statement, Hartsig said the opportunity to help rebuild “an iconic brand like Bed Bath & Beyond was too good to miss."}
{"id": "doc4132", "text": "Mark [Tritton] has a clear vision to reconstruct a modern, durable business model with a differentiated merchandising strategy at its heart,” he added."}
{"id": "doc4133", "text": "The company said it is on track in its search to fill a number of other strategic leadership roles and that it would provide an update on additional hires soon."}
{"id": "doc4134", "text": "The new CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond is cleaning house just six weeks into the job — and in the middle of the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc4135", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced the departure of six senior members, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. Also leaving are the chain’s chief legal officer & general counsel, and chief administrative officer."}
{"id": "doc4136", "text": "The sixth member, the chief brand officer, resigned last week. Bed Bath & Beyond said it has begun a search to fill the positions of chief merchandising officer, chief digital officer, general counsel and a newly combined chief marketing and brand officer position."}
{"id": "doc4137", "text": "The leadership shake-up is the first major move by Mark Tritton, the former chief merchandising officer of Target who took the reins at Bed Bath & Beyond in November. In a statement, the company described the move as a “ bold pivot” that reflects the priorities of Tritton, who will launch his new vision for the company in early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc4138", "text": "“This is the first in a number of important steps were taking,” Tritton stated. “Balancing our existing expertise with fresh perspectives from new, innovative leaders of change, will help us to better anticipate and support our customers in their life journeys and shopping needs."}
{"id": "doc4139", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has struggled to compete in the disrupted retail marketplace, challenged by traditional retailers such as Target and Walmart and online players such as Amazon. Same-store sales have been declining for three years and  its sales growth has fallen for three consecutive quarters. Net income has dropped for 10 straight quarters."}
{"id": "doc4140", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that its new leadership team will be charged with “streamlining decision-making, accelerating the pace of transformation, and re-establishing Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space through a more customer-focused, omnichannel retail operation, a redefined product assortment, and a more convenient and inspirational shopping experience.”  "}
{"id": "doc4141", "text": "Industry analysts have predicted that Tritton will likely focus on expanding Bed Bath & Beyond’s fledgling private labels and exclusive lines and upgrading its online and in-store experience.  "}
{"id": "doc4142", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond had little to cheer about in its fourth quarter update amid declining store traffic and inventory issues."}
{"id": "doc4143", "text": "In preliminary results for the first two months (December and January) of the quarter, the embattled home goods retailer reported a 5.4% decline in comparable sales driven primarily by store traffic declines combined with inventory management issues and increased promotional activity and markdowns. (The company will report its full results on Wednesday, April 15, 2020.)"}
{"id": "doc4144", "text": "In other challenges, Bed Bath & Beyond said that inventory within certain key categories in its assortment was too low or out-of-stock leading into the holiday period. The company said it is “immediately reforming its internal planning and inventory management procedures to master the fundamentals.”"}
{"id": "doc4145", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it provided the update “to provide visibility into the current pressures on the business, which the companys new management has been reviewing to ascertain insights and key learnings.”"}
{"id": "doc4146", "text": "“We are experiencing short-term pain in our efforts to stabilize the business, including the pressures of store traffic trends coupled with our own executional challenges,” said Mark J. Tritton, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and has wasted no time in cleaning house, announcing a leadership shakeup in December. "}
{"id": "doc4147", "text": "On a directional basis, comparable sales from stores in November and December were down nearly 11%. Comparable sales from digital channels grew approximately 20%.  "}
{"id": "doc4148", "text": "The companys gross margin during the first two months of the fourth quarter declined around 300 basis points primarily due to an unfavorable impact on merchandise margin from promotional activity during the period. The retailer said the increased penetration of digital sales within its mix of total sales during the period unfavorably impacted gross margin."}
{"id": "doc4149", "text": "“As we take steps to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term sustainable growth, we are fast tracking our efforts to rebalance our portfolio, reset our cost structure, and enhance our leadership and talent,” Tritton said. "}
{"id": "doc4150", "text": "The new CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond is cleaning house just six weeks into the job — and in the middle of the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc4151", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced the departure of six senior members, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. Also leaving are the chain’s chief legal officer & general counsel, and chief administrative officer."}
{"id": "doc4152", "text": "The sixth member, the chief brand officer, resigned last week. Bed Bath & Beyond said it has begun a search to fill the positions of chief merchandising officer, chief digital officer, general counsel and a newly combined chief marketing and brand officer position."}
{"id": "doc4153", "text": "The leadership shake-up is the first major move by Mark Tritton, the former chief merchandising officer of Target who took the reins at Bed Bath & Beyond in November. In a statement, the company described the move as a “ bold pivot” that reflects the priorities of Tritton, who will launch his new vision for the company in early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc4154", "text": "“This is the first in a number of important steps were taking,” Tritton stated. “Balancing our existing expertise with fresh perspectives from new, innovative leaders of change, will help us to better anticipate and support our customers in their life journeys and shopping needs."}
{"id": "doc4155", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has struggled to compete in the disrupted retail marketplace, challenged by traditional retailers such as Target and Walmart and online players such as Amazon. Same-store sales have been declining for three years and  its sales growth has fallen for three consecutive quarters. Net income has dropped for 10 straight quarters."}
{"id": "doc4156", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that its new leadership team will be charged with “streamlining decision-making, accelerating the pace of transformation, and re-establishing Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space through a more customer-focused, omnichannel retail operation, a redefined product assortment, and a more convenient and inspirational shopping experience.”  "}
{"id": "doc4157", "text": "Industry analysts have predicted that Tritton will likely focus on expanding Bed Bath & Beyond’s fledgling private labels and exclusive lines and upgrading its online and in-store experience.  "}
{"id": "doc4158", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it will reveal its strategic plan in early 2020 as it swung to a third-quarter loss with sales and earnings that missed Street expectations."}
{"id": "doc4159", "text": "The embattled retailer also said it would delay closing 20 of its namesake stores until after the first half of fiscal 2020 in order to sell more of their merchandise. As previously reported https://chainstoreage.com/bed-bath-beyond-ramps-store-closures-swings-q2-loss, Bed Bath & Beyond planned to close 60 locations, including 40 namesake stores, in fiscal 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4160", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond expects sales and profitability to remain under pressure during the fourth quarter. The company said it was withdrawing its full-year forecast because of “headwinds” and because of ongoing work by new CEO Mark Tritton to assess the business and finalize the details of the companys go-forward strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc4161", "text": "Tritton, who left Target Corp. to take the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November, has wasted no time in making changes. In December, the company announced the departure of six members of its leadership team https://chainstoreage.com/big-leadership-shakeup-bed-bath-beyond, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. "}
{"id": "doc4162", "text": "In a statement, Tritton called the company’s third quarter performance “unsatisfactory and underscores the imperative for change and strengthens our sense of priorities and purpose.”"}
{"id": "doc4163", "text": "“We will be finalizing the details of our strategic plan over the next few months and appreciate your patience as we embark and pursue this journey to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term, sustainable growth,” he stated. "}
{"id": "doc4164", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond reported a net loss of $38.6 million, or a loss of $0.31 per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 30, down from net earnings of $24.4 million, or $0.18 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding items, Bed Bath & Beyond lost $0.38 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.02 per share."}
{"id": "doc4165", "text": "Net sales fell 9% to $2.8 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $2.85 billion. Same-store sales declined 8.3%. The retailer said its sales performance was significantly impacted by the late Thanksgiving, which resulted in one less week of holiday sales compared to the prior-year period. Adjusting for the 2019 calendar shift, same-store sales declined 3.6% during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc4166", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, the company had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc4167", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. has entered into an agreement to sell approximately half its real estate as it looks to generate capital. "}
{"id": "doc4168", "text": "The struggling home furnishings retailer has completed a sale-leaseback transaction with an affiliate of Oak Street Real Estate Capital, generating more than $250 million in net proceeds. The properties sold represent approximately 2.1 million sq. ft. of commercial space, including retail stores, a distribution facility and the company’s headquarters space in Union, N.J. Bed Bath & Beyond will continue to occupy the properties through long-term leases."}
{"id": "doc4169", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it plans to use the proceeds from the transaction to reinvest in its core business and transformation efforts, to fund share repurchases, and to reduce outstanding debt, or a combination of these tactics."}
{"id": "doc4170", "text": "We are pleased to complete this sale-leaseback transaction, said Mark Tritton, who took the reins as president and CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond in November. This marks the first step toward unlocking valuable capital in our business that can be put to work to amplify our plans to build a stronger, more efficient foundation to support revenue growth, financial stability and enhance shareholder value."}
{"id": "doc4171", "text": "As previously announced, Bed Bath & Beyond, together with outside financial advisors, is reviewing its portfolio of retail concepts which, in addition to its namesake division, include Christmas Tree Shops, buybuy Baby, Harmon Face Values, Cost Plus and Cost Plus World Market,  and owned real estate to optimize its asset base and enhance shareholder value. In connection with the review, the retailer said it will continue to evaluate certain remaining owned real estate."}
{"id": "doc4172", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc4173", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc4174", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc4175", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc4176", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc4177", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc4178", "text": "Burlington Stores is getting out of the e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc4179", "text": "After reporting fourth-quarter sales and earnings that beat Street estimates, the off-price retailer dropped a bombshell on its quarterly call with analysts. Company executives said that Burlington is winding down its e-commerce operations, which account for about 0.5% of total sales, and focus on growing its bricks-and-mortar business. The company currently operates 720 stores in 45 states and Puerto Rico. "}
{"id": "doc4180", "text": "“In our business, which is a moderate off-price business, the nature of the treasure hunt and the average price point that we operate at mean that bricks-and-mortar stores have a significant competitive and economic advantage over e-commerce,” CEO Michael O’Sullivan told analysts. “We intend to focus our energy and resources on driving profitable sales growth in our bricks-and-mortar stores. We will also continue to aggressively expand and upgrade this store network through our new store opening and remodel programs.”"}
{"id": "doc4181", "text": "In fiscal 2020, Burlington expects to open 80 new locations and close or relocate 26 stores. Its average new store size in fiscal 2020 will be 39,700 sq. ft., the first time the average will be less than 40,000 square feet, noted Burlington CFO John Crimmins. "}
{"id": "doc4182", "text": "The retailer reported net income of $206 million, or $3.08 a share, in the quarter ended Feb.1, up from $184.4 million, or $2.70 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to $3.25, just ahead of analysts’ estimates of $3.23. "}
{"id": "doc4183", "text": "Sales rose 10.5% to $2.201 billion, in line with estimates. Same-store sales rose 3.9%.“Overall we generated a 10.5% sales increase, which resulted in a 40 basis point increase in adjusted EBIT margin, and a 15% increase in adjusted EPS, ahead of both our original and recently updated guidance” stated O’Sullivan.” In addition, our inventory management made further progress during the fourth quarter, as our comparable store inventory decreased 15%, putting us in a very opportunistic inventory position as we enter fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc4184", "text": "For the first quarter, the retailer expects sales to rise 8% to 9% and for adjusted EPS to range from $1.29 to $1.34, below the $1.45 analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc4185", "text": "Guess is getting a new finance head."}
{"id": "doc4186", "text": "The fashion brand named Katie Anderson as CFO, effective December 2, 2019. Anderson will replace Sandeep Reddy, who will be leaving Guess on December 1, 2019."}
{"id": "doc4187", "text": "Anderson joins Guess from California Pizza Kitchen, where she has served as CFO since November 2016. Between 2010 and 2016, she held other finance roles at CPK. After leaving CPK in February 2016 to become the CFO of Sprinkles Cupcakes, she returned to CPK as its CFO.  "}
{"id": "doc4188", "text": "As of August 3, 2019, Guess directly operated 1,162 retail stores in the Americas, Europe and Asia. The company’s partners and distributors operated 562 additional retail stores worldwide. "}
{"id": "doc4189", "text": "John Furner is taking the reins as president and CEO of Walmart U.S. effective Nov. 1."}
{"id": "doc4190", "text": "Furner will report directly to Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon. Greg Foran, who has served as president and CEO of Walmart U.S. since 2014, is taking a role as CEO at Air New Zealand Limited. Foran will stay on with Walmart through Jan. 31, 2020 to ensure a smooth transition."}
{"id": "doc4191", "text": "Furner, 45, started with Walmart as an hourly associate in 1993, working part-time in the garden center of a supercenter. He worked his way up through a number of frontline leadership roles, later becoming a store manager, district manager and buyer. He has held leadership roles in operations, merchandising and sourcing in Walmart U.S., Sam’s Club and Walmart International, where he served at Walmart China as chief merchandising and marketing officer. "}
{"id": "doc4192", "text": "Prior to becoming Sam’s Club CEO in 2017, he was chief merchandising officer for Sam’s Club. Furner will partner with Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore, who also reports to McMillon, to deliver a seamless omnichannel experience for Walmart’s U.S. customers."}
{"id": "doc4193", "text": "“John has done a fantastic job at Sam’s Club, and he will continue the momentum we have in Walmart U.S.,” said McMillon. “John knows our business well, having held many different jobs in the company over more than 25 years, and he is helping transform it for the future. He has the experience and judgment to know what we should continue doing and what we should change.”"}
{"id": "doc4194", "text": "“I’m grateful for this opportunity and ready to get started,” said Furner. “There’s no better place than Walmart U.S. to touch the lives of millions of customers and associates. Together with the team, we will build on the progress under Greg’s leadership and continue to make Walmart an even better place to work and shop.”"}
{"id": "doc4195", "text": "“It has been an honor to lead the team at Walmart U.S.,” said Foran. “I’m proud of what we’ve been able to achieve at a unique moment for retail and want to thank the associates who made it happen. It is bittersweet to leave Walmart, but this incredible opportunity to lead an iconic Kiwi brand was one I could not pass up, and I’m looking forward to this next chapter.”"}
{"id": "doc4196", "text": "The company will announce Furner’s successor as president and CEO of Sam’s Club at a later date."}
{"id": "doc4197", "text": "Burlington Stores Inc. has tapped an insider as its finance head."}
{"id": "doc4198", "text": "The off-price retailer has appointed John Crimmins as CFO. Crimmins has served as interim CFO since September 16, 2019, in addition to his role as executive VP, finance and chief accounting officer. (Marc Katz had been CFO until early September when he stepped down.)"}
{"id": "doc4199", "text": "Prior to joining Burlington Stores in 2011, Crimmins held various roles at The Timberland Company including CFO, and corporate controller and chief accounting officer from 2002 to 2009."}
{"id": "doc4200", "text": "“Given John’s financial acumen, expertise, and tenure with Burlington Stores, he is the natural choice to serve as CFO,” said Michael O’Sullivan, CEO. “John is an exceptionally talented and well-respected leader and we are confident he will continue to play a key role as we drive growth and profitability at Burlington Stores.” "}
{"id": "doc4201", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. cut its full-year guidance for the second time this year after falling short of sales and profit estimates."}
{"id": "doc4202", "text": "Net income fell to $123 million, or 78 cents per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 2, compared with $161 million, or 98 cents a share, a year ago. Excluding one-time items, Kohl’s earned 74 cents per share, missing analysts’ expectations for 86 cents."}
{"id": "doc4203", "text": "Net sales fell to $4.36 billion from $4.37 billion a year ago, missing expectations for $4.4 billion. Same-store sales rose 0.4%, also missing expectations. "}
{"id": "doc4204", "text": "In a statement, CEO Michelle Gass put a positive spin on the quarter, focusing on the chain’s return to same-store sales growth for the first time this year. "}
{"id": "doc4205", "text": "“The quarter started off positive in August with another successful back-to-school season and ended strong in October,” she added. “We enter the holiday period with momentum and are strategically increasing our investments. We believe that investing in the short-term will support our strategies to drive profitable growth over the long-term."}
{"id": "doc4206", "text": "Kohl’s has launched a number of initiatives to boost traffic, from new private brands (the most recent being a home goods line designed by HGTV’s ‘Property Brothers’ stars Drew and Jonathan Scott) to the rollout of Amazon return counters across all its stores. It also is testing in-store pop-ups, Curated by Kohl’s, feature emerging brands in about 50 locations.  "}
{"id": "doc4207", "text": "On the chains quarterly earnings call, Gass said the Amazon program was attracting new shoppers that are “younger than the typical Kohl’s customer.”  She remained upbeat about the upcoming holiday season."}
{"id": "doc4208", "text": "“We will have Amazon Returns in stores nationwide this holiday for the first time, which will drive additional traffic into our stores, she added. Second, we have more new brand launches than ever before. "}
{"id": "doc4209", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders said the fact that Kohl’s, unlike, some other retailers in its segment, has not been afraid to experiment and to commit to things that help make it relevant and meaningful to consumers.  This puts the company in a good position, even if it is in a difficult part of the retail market."}
{"id": "doc4210", "text": "“Taken alone, none of these things will push Kohl’s sales numbers into the stratosphere but taken together they put some wind beneath the company’s wings,” added Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. “Moreover, they show that management has a clear vision of the future and what Kohl’s needs to do in order to be successful. (For more commentary, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc4211", "text": "For the year, Kohls expects adjusted earnings per share of $4.75 to $4.95, down from previous guidance of $5.15 to $5.45. "}
{"id": "doc4212", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. joined Macy’s and J.C. Penney in reporting a decline in holiday same-store sales."}
{"id": "doc4213", "text": "The retailer reported that its comparable sales for the holiday period (fiscal November and December) decreased 0.2% amid weakness in women’s apparel. Based on its holiday sales performance, Kohl’s said it now expects its fiscal 2019 diluted earnings per share to be at the low end of its previously announced guidance range of $4.75 to $4.95.  "}
{"id": "doc4214", "text": "“We are managing the business with discipline and we expect to deliver on our earnings guidance for the full year,” said Michelle Gass, CEO, Kohl’s. “We continue to see momentum in key areas including our digital business, active, beauty and children’s, and solid performance in footwear and men’s. This was offset by softness in women’s, which we are working with speed to address.”"}
{"id": "doc4215", "text": "Kohl’s has opened a pop-up for New Yorkers."}
{"id": "doc4216", "text": "The department store retailer will host will host a holiday pop-up in downtown Manhattan New York City from Thursday, Nov. 7 through Sunday, Nov. 10. Folks outside the area can visit the event virtually through the use of a Snapchat portal lens that will replicate the event space in 3D and allow users to shop featured product In addition, visitors can strike a pose with a Vera Wang avatar at the event through a marker lens in the Simply Vera Vera Wang shop."}
{"id": "doc4217", "text": "The pop-up comes as Kohl’s is launching its holiday marketing campaign, “New Gifts at Every Turn,” with  five days of thematic daily deals from Thursday, Nov. 7 through Monday, Nov. 12. The retailer will reveal nearly 20 days of thematic daily deals between November and December.  Daily Deal Reveal will kick off with five days of deals beginning Thursday, Nov. 7."}
{"id": "doc4218", "text": "In addition, Kohl’s will promote early online and in-store Black Friday deals beginning Monday, Nov. 25. From Nov. 25-27, the retailer will offer a select number of limited-time, limited-quantity, online-only Black Friday flash deals. There will also be thousands of Black Friday deals online from Nov. 25-27 and in stores beginning Thursday, Nov. 28 (Thanksgiving Day). "}
{"id": "doc4219", "text": "Kohl’s will offer Black Friday doorbusters starting at 12:01 a.m. CT online and 5 p.m. local time when stores open on Thanksgiving Day. Doorbusters will end 1 p.m. local time in store and online on Friday, Nov. 29, while supplies last. Customers will receive $15 Kohl’s Cash cash-back rewards for every $50 spent in stores and online the entire week."}
{"id": "doc4220", "text": "New this year, Kohl’s will kick off Cyber Week on Saturday, Nov. 30, with a surprise Kohl’s Cash event that rewards all customers who make a purchase in-store with Kohl’s Cash valued at $5, $10 or $15 earned with every transaction in store, no minimum purchase. One per customer. There will be new deals daily throughout Cyber Week."}
{"id": "doc4221", "text": " In addition to the pop-up, Kohl’s is debuting several other seasonal social experiences. On Twitter, customers can engage in social conversation with Kohl’s to have a chance to receive on-demand, same-day product delivery featuring Kohl’s top brands and gifts during key holiday moments. "}
{"id": "doc4222", "text": "In addition, Kohl’s will leverage Pinterest to connect in-store shoppers with additional gifting ideas through the use of Pinterest pincodes. Kohl’s customers can open their Pinterest app, scan a pincode using the app’s camera feature on Kohl’s “Jammies for Your Families” hangtags and in-store signage, and be taken to a Kohls Pinterest board."}
{"id": "doc4223", "text": "“I am confident in the plans we have for the entire holiday season and excited for our customers to experience all of the newness we have to offer them,” said Michelle Gass, Kohl’s CEO. “We have an incredible lineup of new brands and great gifts, we will deliver significant value with Kohl’s Cash, and we’ve continued to invest in the omnichannel experience for greater convenience and ease for our customers this holiday season.”"}
{"id": "doc4224", "text": "Retailers are bolstering their workforces by cultivating the skills of seasonal staffers and transitioning them into full-time associates."}
{"id": "doc4225", "text": "The labor market continues to tighten, forcing retailers to ramp up hiring efforts of full-time associates. This requires companies to think outside of the box when hiring and training their workforce — especially seasonal employees that they want to keep onboard long-term. Learn the strategies retailers are using to tap into a new talent pool at the upcoming SPECS 2020 conference, March 15-17, at the Gaylord Texan in Dallas."}
{"id": "doc4226", "text": "To bolster their full-time workforce, more companies are cultivating the skill sets of temporary workers so they can transition into permanent associates. Retailers are quickly learning however, that this task requires more more than just offering competitive salaries. Instead, companies are offering new perks, innovative training, even cross-training opportunities in hopes of turning seasonal staffers into brand ambassadors."}
{"id": "doc4227", "text": "Here are four strategies that can help transition temporary staffers into full-time employees:"}
{"id": "doc4228", "text": "• Up the stakes. Competitive salaries and benefits may attract seasonal workers, but that may not be enough to keep them aboard throughout — or beyond — the holiday shopping season. For example, when Target announced it would hire 120,000 seasonal workers at its stores and 7,500 workers at its distribution and fulfillment centers, it also offered associates $13 per hour (this is Targets starting minimum wage as of June 2019). "}
{"id": "doc4229", "text": "To ensure it could retain its seasonal workforce, the company sweetened the pot with a 10% discount in stores and online, as well as an additional 20% wellness discount off fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables across the chain’s new Good & Gather Organic private label grocery brand, its C9 and Up & Up private lines, and tobacco cessation products. Temporary employees were also eligible to earn holiday pay on Thanksgiving and Christmas."}
{"id": "doc4230", "text": "• Commit to training. A shorter holiday season gives retailers less time to get their holiday staff up to speed on processes and policies. Mentoring, job shadowing and “lunch and learn” sessions that introduce employees to skills in an informal setting are still alive and well. However, companies are also adopting technology solutions to get their temporary teams up and running. "}
{"id": "doc4231", "text": "For example, Evo, a digitally native retailer of action sports lifestyle gear that operates four flagship stores, developed a virtual reality (VR)-based training experience to get its holiday workforce ready for the holiday rush. (The company is known to triple the 50-person workforce at its 170,000-sq.-ft. warehouse during the holidays. These additional hires enable the company to ship over 15,000 orders per day, up from a daily average of 750 orders.)"}
{"id": "doc4232", "text": "Similarly, Walmart has made a huge commitment to VR-based employee training programs. The company has a fleet of 17,000 headsets available at store-level, giving more than one million Walmart associates — both temporary and permanent — access to three core modules: new technology, customer service skills, and compliance."}
{"id": "doc4233", "text": "• Cut out the middle man. Sometimes the easiest way to fulfill holiday shifts is to leverage existing employees. Enticing permanent workers with positions in other departments, extra shifts or seasonal bonuses may be the perfect way to create a holiday team."}
{"id": "doc4234", "text": "Walmart is no stranger to this practice. The retail giant is known to offer extra hours to its current associates, and in some cases, they take on roles outside of their skill set. Among the positions they can be cross-trained for include cashier and stocker, and technology-driven roles, such as personal shoppers and pick-up associates. "}
{"id": "doc4235", "text": "Kohl’s has also used this strategy to augment its army of holiday hires. "}
{"id": "doc4236", "text": "• Start early. To get a jump on holiday hiring don’t focus solely on the traditional fourth quarter holiday shopping rush. For example, Kohl’s went on a hiring spree in July, a move that gave the department store retailer additional associates for the hectic back-to-school season. This workforce was also at the ready when the holiday season kicked off Black Friday weekend. "}
{"id": "doc4237", "text": "When the department store retailer started filling this “early wave” of seasonal positions, associates took on roles across 500 stores. The rest of Kohl’s stores, along with its nine distribution and five e-commerce fulfillment centers, gained new associates through another seasonal hiring wave in August. "}
{"id": "doc4238", "text": "Their training ranged from the use of handheld mobile devices to omnichannel and customer service functions — skills that are critical all year long, as well as during the busy holiday shopping season."}
{"id": "doc4239", "text": "Additionally, this fall Kohl’s began staffing its 130-store “omni power center” pilot with up to 50 seasonal positions per store. These associates were trained to efficiently fulfill online orders in-store and process pick-up orders."}
{"id": "doc4240", "text": "The company planned to round out its seasonal team with 90,000 new associates ready to help shoppers during the holiday rush."}
{"id": "doc4241", "text": "“Our early seasonal hiring strategy positions Kohl’s for success during the back half of the year and ensures our store teams are fully staffed and trained to meet the needs of our customers during the holiday season,” said Marc Chini, Kohl’s senior executive VP, chief people officer."}
{"id": "doc4242", "text": "Want to learn more about what it takes to identify and cultivate retail talent? Join us at SPECS 2020, March 15-17, 2020, at the Gaylord Texan, Grapevine (Dallas). To register, click here. "}
{"id": "doc4243", "text": "Target Corp. on Tuesday detailed several new initiatives for 2020, including robust expansion of its smaller-sized format, the scaling of a robotics solution and the addition of alcoholic beverages and fresh groceries to its pickup services."}
{"id": "doc4244", "text": "The retailer revealed its plans at an investors meeting following the release of its fourth-quarter earnings. Target’s net income earnings grew 4.4% to $834 million for the quarter.  "}
{"id": "doc4245", "text": "Following the opening of its 100th small-format store last year, Target is planning to open nearly 36 locations in 2020, making it the biggest year to date for small-format expansion. Targets smaller-sized stores contributed more than $1 billion in total sales in 2019."}
{"id": "doc4246", "text": "Target also said it will begin exploring sites for stores that are approximately 6,000 sq. ft. – roughly half the size of its smallest small-format store – as it looks to reach even more shoppers in urban neighborhoods and on college campuses. Target expects to sign the first lease for the new smaller format in 2020, with an opening date in 2021."}
{"id": "doc4247", "text": "Meanwhile, the chain’s remodel program remains on track to complete more than 1,000 store remodels nationwide by yearend, with about 300 locations to be updated this year.  (The average sales lift of a remodeled Target store has been in the range of 2% to 4% in year one, with an average of more than 2% in the second year.)"}
{"id": "doc4248", "text": "As part of its remodel program, Target plans to test a new front-of-store layout designed to create a more welcoming first impression, with fresh flower displays, a curated product assortment and lower walls and counters to make it easier for associates to help customers."}
{"id": "doc4249", "text": "In addition, Target will also unveil a “transformed” electronics department in 200 stores this year, followed by 200 more stores in 2021. The new experience will create a more inviting destination, offering a compelling showcase for top brands and dedicated spaces for the retailers trained tech consultants to assist shoppers, the company said."}
{"id": "doc4250", "text": "In other initiatives: •    To increase the speed and efficiency of its supply chain, Target will begin scaling robotics solutions that have been in development and testing across the country to replenish inventory to hundreds of stores by the summer of 2020. The technology enables precise sorting on an aisle-by-aisle basis to help store associates fill shelves easier and faster while reducing backroom inventory. "}
{"id": "doc4251", "text": "In 2020, Target also will open new warehouses near key markets, including New York and southern California, to more efficiently replenish stores in high-volume areas."}
{"id": "doc4252", "text": "•    Target will offer an assortment of fresh grocery and adult beverage items via its order pickup and drive up fulfillment. Shoppers will be able to order popular grocery items such as milk, eggs, bananas and more, and have their items delivered directly to their car or ready to pick up at a Target store. Testing will begin in Minneapolis-area stores in the spring, with plans to expand the service to nearly half of Targets stores in time for the holiday season. "}
{"id": "doc4253", "text": "Target also will test adult beverage fulfillment through Order Pickup and Drive Up in more than one hundred stores in Florida and Oregon this spring, with plans to expand the service to the majority of its stores by the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc4254", "text": "Target Corp. is losing the executive who overhauled its private-label business."}
{"id": "doc4255", "text": "Mark J. Tritton, who has served as executive VP and chief merchandising officer of Target since 2016, is joining Bed Bath & Beyond as president and CEO effective Nov. 4, 2019 Tritton was instrumental in building Target’s private-label strategy, reviving the company’s existing brands and launching more than 30 new brands in two and a half years. The discounter achieved eight consecutive quarters of same-store sales growth during his tenure."}
{"id": "doc4256", "text": "With this departure, Christina Hennington and Jill Sando, two Target executives with nearly 40 years of combined experience with the company, will assume interim leadership of the retailers merchandising organization. In January 2019, Target named both Hennington and Sando senior VPs and general merchandising managers."}
{"id": "doc4257", "text": "During this interim period, Hennington and Sando will report directly to CEO Brian Cornell. This operating structure will remain in place until further notice, and the company does not plan to initiate an external search at this time."}
{"id": "doc4258", "text": "Mark brought a tremendous amount of energy to his role as our chief merchant,” said Cornell. “His focus on developing the next generation of leadership, establishing a comprehensive merchandising strategy and re-energizing our owned brand portfolio are among his most meaningful contributions. Along with the entire Target team, I wish him the best. As we head into the holiday season and beyond, Christina and Jill are well-positioned to lead our merchandising organization given their strong business acumen and extensive experience driving ambitious and successful merchandising strategies.”"}
{"id": "doc4259", "text": "Hennington joined Target in 2003 and currently serves as senior VP and general merchandising manager of essentials, beauty, hardlines and services. In her interim position, Hennington will assume responsibility for the merchandising planning and capabilities teams."}
{"id": "doc4260", "text": "Sando joined Target in 1997 and currently serves as senior VP and general merchandising manager of apparel, accessories and home. In her interim position, Sando will assume responsibility for owned brand sourcing, design and brand management."}
{"id": "doc4261", "text": "In another C-level executive shift at Target, the retailer is naming Michael Fiddelke as executive VP and CFO, effective Nov. 1. In this role, Fiddelke will be responsible for financial planning and analysis, financial operations, internal audit, accounting, investor relations, treasury, tax and risk. He will also oversee Target’s financial and retail services, which includes guest relations and management of its financial products, including Target RedCard."}
{"id": "doc4262", "text": "In more than 15 years at Target, Fiddelke has served in a variety of roles across finance, merchandising, human resources, and operations. Most recently he served as senior VP of operations, leading numerous cross-functional enterprise initiatives spanning merchandising, supply chain, stores and guest experience. He is being appointed after an extensive evaluation of internal and external candidates."}
{"id": "doc4263", "text": "As previously announced, and to ensure a smooth transition, Cathy Smith will begin serving as a strategic advisor on Nov. 1. Smith, who announced she would retire as CFO in January 2019, he will remain in that capacity until May 1, 2020."}
{"id": "doc4264", "text": "Lowe’s Companies appointed a veteran marketer who worked with a fast-food giant and several beauty powerhouses to a new role in its senior leadership team. "}
{"id": "doc4265", "text": "The home improvement retailer named Marisa F. Thalberg as executive VP, chief brand and marketing officer, effective Feb. 10. In the role, new for Lowes, she will oversee all branding and marketing efforts. "}
{"id": "doc4266", "text": "Most recently, she served as global chief brand officer of Taco Bell, stepping down last August. Thalberg joined the fast-food giant in 2015 as chief brand engagement officer and, in 2016, became the company’s first-ever female chief marketing officer. In January 2018, she was promoted to global chief brand officer.  "}
{"id": "doc4267", "text": "Prior to Taco Bell, Thalberg served as the head of corporate digital and integrated marketing worldwide for The Estée Lauder Companies and held various senior leadership roles at Unilever Cosmetics International, Sure Fit Inc., and Revlon."}
{"id": "doc4268", "text": "Thalberg also founded Executive Moms, an organization for working mothers. "}
{"id": "doc4269", "text": "“Marisa is a world-class marketer and leader, and we are thrilled to have her join the Lowe’s leadership team,” said Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s president and CEO. “Marisa brings extensive experience in building culturally resonant brands and delivering business value through marketing innovation and fresh thinking to inspire and engage customers. We are confident Marisa will lead our brand into an exciting new chapter for our customers and associates.”"}
{"id": "doc4270", "text": "Target Corp. on Tuesday detailed several new initiatives for 2020, including robust expansion of its smaller-sized format, the scaling of a robotics solution and the addition of alcoholic beverages and fresh groceries to its pickup services."}
{"id": "doc4271", "text": "The retailer revealed its plans at an investors meeting following the release of its fourth-quarter earnings. Target’s net income earnings grew 4.4% to $834 million for the quarter.  "}
{"id": "doc4272", "text": "Following the opening of its 100th small-format store last year, Target is planning to open nearly 36 locations in 2020, making it the biggest year to date for small-format expansion. Targets smaller-sized stores contributed more than $1 billion in total sales in 2019."}
{"id": "doc4273", "text": "Target also said it will begin exploring sites for stores that are approximately 6,000 sq. ft. – roughly half the size of its smallest small-format store – as it looks to reach even more shoppers in urban neighborhoods and on college campuses. Target expects to sign the first lease for the new smaller format in 2020, with an opening date in 2021."}
{"id": "doc4274", "text": "Meanwhile, the chain’s remodel program remains on track to complete more than 1,000 store remodels nationwide by yearend, with about 300 locations to be updated this year.  (The average sales lift of a remodeled Target store has been in the range of 2% to 4% in year one, with an average of more than 2% in the second year.)"}
{"id": "doc4275", "text": "As part of its remodel program, Target plans to test a new front-of-store layout designed to create a more welcoming first impression, with fresh flower displays, a curated product assortment and lower walls and counters to make it easier for associates to help customers."}
{"id": "doc4276", "text": "In addition, Target will also unveil a “transformed” electronics department in 200 stores this year, followed by 200 more stores in 2021. The new experience will create a more inviting destination, offering a compelling showcase for top brands and dedicated spaces for the retailers trained tech consultants to assist shoppers, the company said."}
{"id": "doc4277", "text": "In other initiatives: •    To increase the speed and efficiency of its supply chain, Target will begin scaling robotics solutions that have been in development and testing across the country to replenish inventory to hundreds of stores by the summer of 2020. The technology enables precise sorting on an aisle-by-aisle basis to help store associates fill shelves easier and faster while reducing backroom inventory. "}
{"id": "doc4278", "text": "In 2020, Target also will open new warehouses near key markets, including New York and southern California, to more efficiently replenish stores in high-volume areas."}
{"id": "doc4279", "text": "•    Target will offer an assortment of fresh grocery and adult beverage items via its order pickup and drive up fulfillment. Shoppers will be able to order popular grocery items such as milk, eggs, bananas and more, and have their items delivered directly to their car or ready to pick up at a Target store. Testing will begin in Minneapolis-area stores in the spring, with plans to expand the service to nearly half of Targets stores in time for the holiday season. "}
{"id": "doc4280", "text": "Target also will test adult beverage fulfillment through Order Pickup and Drive Up in more than one hundred stores in Florida and Oregon this spring, with plans to expand the service to the majority of its stores by the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc4281", "text": "Amazon’s upcoming fleet of electric delivery vans will be easy and safe to drive, as well as sustainable."}
{"id": "doc4282", "text": "In a new corporate blog post, Meg Coyle, video content manager at Amazon, describes the driver-centric design strategy Amazon uses for 100,000 electric delivery vans it has ordered from sustainable vehicle manufacturer Rivian. This $440 million investment, part of Amazon’s commitment to the Climate Pledge, represents what the e-tailer says is the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles. Vans are slated to start delivering packages to customers in 2021.  "}
{"id": "doc4283", "text": "In addition to having zero emissions, the vehicles are designed to include a suite of advanced safety technology and industry-leading features, including automated emergency braking, front wheel and all-wheel drive options, lane keep assist, pedestrian warning system, traffic sign recognition, an automatic warning system that detects distracted driver behavior, and adaptive seatbelts and airbags that adjust to the size and weight of the driver."}
{"id": "doc4284", "text": "A digital instrument cluster and central display screen will be integrated with Amazons logistics management and routing. The built-in mapping technology, along with package delivery information, is designed to eliminate the need for extra handheld devices. Drivers will also be able to ask the Amazon Alexa artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped voice assistant for help, or use voice commands in the cargo bay when sorting packages."}
{"id": "doc4285", "text": "The design includes durable, resistant materials meant to make it lighter and nimbler than traditional delivery vans. This, in turn, is intended to make the vehicles quieter and easier to navigate, especially in a tight, urban environment. Additionally, the vehicle cabin is optimized for quick package access, with a traditional hinged door on the driver side for optimum driver safety, and a sliding passenger door and foldable passenger seat for quick entry and exit. A rear roll-up door will support more efficient package loading."}
{"id": "doc4286", "text": "Other ergonomic and functional design features include temperature-controlled seats, as well as heated steering wheels and armrests powered by an intelligent occupant cabin thermal controls system designed to reduce energy consumption."}
{"id": "doc4287", "text": "Amazon plans to have 10,000 of the new electric vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030."}
{"id": "doc4288", "text": "We wanted to really work backwards from how the driver uses the vehicle, said Ross Rachey, director of Amazons global fleet. From the moment they step into the vehicle, to when theyre driving, when they park and look for a package, and how they exit the vehicle. Everythings been customized for how they use that vehicle.”"}
{"id": "doc4289", "text": "Amazon is investing in solar and wind farms in the U.S. and U.K."}
{"id": "doc4290", "text": "Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the U.S. will be located in Warren County, North Carolina, and Prince George County, Virginia. Together, they total 215 megawatts (MW) and are expected to generate 500,997 megawatt hours (MWh) of energy annually. This will be Amazon’s second renewable energy project in the state of North Carolina and eighth renewable energy project in the commonwealth of Virginia."}
{"id": "doc4291", "text": "Furthermore, Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the largest corporate wind power purchase agreement (PPA) in the U.K., located on the Kintyre Peninsula, Scotland. Once complete, the new Amazon wind farm will provide 50 megawatts MW of new renewable capacity with expected generation of 168,000 MWh of clean energy annually, enough to power 46,000 U.K. homes."}
{"id": "doc4292", "text": "Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy wind and solar projects will provide 265 MW of additional renewable capacity and are expected to begin producing energy in 2021, supplying energy to the company’s Amazon Web Services data centers."}
{"id": "doc4293", "text": "To date, Amazon has launched 18 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 1,600 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 4.6 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 368,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 98 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 130,000 MWh of clean energy annually."}
{"id": "doc4294", "text": "The e-tail giant is launching these projects as part of its commitment the Climate Pledge, an international agreement to meet the net zero carbon targets of the Paris Agreement by 2040, 10 years ahead of the accord’s goal. As part of its path to reach net zero carbon by 2040, Amazon intends to reach 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030."}
{"id": "doc4295", "text": "“We’ve announced eight projects this year and have more projects on the horizon – and we’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally,” said Kara Hurst, director of sustainability, Amazon. “With nearly 70 renewable energy projects around the globe – including 54 solar rooftops – we are making significant progress towards reaching Amazon’s company-wide commitment to reach 100% renewable energy by 2030.”"}
{"id": "doc4296", "text": "To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new transparency website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance."}
{"id": "doc4297", "text": "The CEO of Amazon is dramatically stepping up his company’s monetary commitment to sustainability."}
{"id": "doc4298", "text": "In a short Instagram post, Bezos announced the launch of the $10 billion Bezos Earth Fund. The fund, which will begin issuing grants in summer 2020, is designed to support efforts aimed at combating global climate change. "}
{"id": "doc4299", "text": "“Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet, Bezos said in the statement. “I want to work alongside others both to amplify known ways and to explore new ways of fighting the devastating impact of climate change on this planet we all share. This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world. We can save Earth. It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals.”"}
{"id": "doc4300", "text": "Amazon has been engaged in a number of initiatives designed to minimize the etail giant’s impact on the environment. In February 2020, Amazon unveiled the design of a fleet of electric delivery vans it says will eliminate 4 million tons of carbon per year by 2030. The company also plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will be its 4 million-sq.-ft. “HQ2” campus in Arlington, Va., and has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually."}
{"id": "doc4301", "text": "Amazon has received criticism that its previous sustainability initiatives did not go far enough to help counteract climate change. A group of workers called Amazon Employees for Climate Justice have publicly called for the company to do more and up to 2,000 members staged walkouts from Amazon offices and facilities around the world in September 2019. In addition, environmental group Greenpeace issued a statement accusing Bezos of hypocrisy in his latest effort."}
{"id": "doc4302", "text": "Its hypocritical to announce that climate change is the biggest threat to our planet while at the same time boosting the fossil fuel industry by providing advanced computing technologies to the oil and gas industry so that it can discover and drill more oil, more efficiently,” Greenpeace said in the statement. “Amazon also still has work to do to ensure its growing network of data centers fully shifts away from fossil fuels, and the company must transparently report its energy use as Google and Apple do.”"}
{"id": "doc4303", "text": "The investigative journalism series Frontline ran an investigative piece on Bezos and Amazon, including the company’s working conditions, use of technology and general influence on the world, on Tuesday, Feb. 18. Bezos is considered the wealthiest person on Earth, with an estimated net worth of $130 billion."}
{"id": "doc4304", "text": "Amazon’s second headquarters in Arlington, Va., will obtain all its energy from a solar farm."}
{"id": "doc4305", "text": "The e-tail giant plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will eventually be a 4 million-sq.-ft. campus. Amazon will build a new solar farm in Pittsylvania County, Virginia, which will power its new headquarters along with other operations it owns across the state, including Whole Foods stores and fulfillment centers. The project is planned for completion by summer 2021. "}
{"id": "doc4306", "text": "Amazon has contracted 82 megawatts (MW) of the new 120 MW solar farm, which is expected to generate 172,500 megawatt hours (MWh) of renewable energy annually. It will be Amazon’s 10th renewable energy project in Virginia. Amazon is taking about two-thirds of the renewable energy generated by the new solar farm, and Arlington will take the remainder."}
{"id": "doc4307", "text": "Amazon plans to invest more than $2.5 billion dollars in building the HQ2 campus over the next decade. The campus will include 1 million sq.-ft. of LEED Gold-certified energy-efficient office buildings in two 22-story towers. There will also be 50,000 sq. ft. of new retail space for shops, restaurants, and a daycare center for area residents and an expected 25,000 Amazon employees."}
{"id": "doc4308", "text": "Amazon is making this solar energy decision in the midst of a larger sustainability commitment. The company has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually. These projects include 21 utility-scale wind and solar farms and more than 50 solar rooftops installed on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe. "}
{"id": "doc4309", "text": "Our team is constantly thinking about how we can help create and build a sustainable future across our entire operations,” said Patrick Leonard, senior manager of Amazon’s renewable energy procurement team. “We have contracted with several large solar farms and have rooftop solar installed at many of our fulfillment center sites across the globe. Once this project is complete, we will continue to look for ways to advance our commitment to sustainability in Arlington."}
{"id": "doc4310", "text": "Amazon is investing in solar and wind farms in the U.S. and U.K."}
{"id": "doc4311", "text": "Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the U.S. will be located in Warren County, North Carolina, and Prince George County, Virginia. Together, they total 215 megawatts (MW) and are expected to generate 500,997 megawatt hours (MWh) of energy annually. This will be Amazon’s second renewable energy project in the state of North Carolina and eighth renewable energy project in the commonwealth of Virginia."}
{"id": "doc4312", "text": "Furthermore, Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the largest corporate wind power purchase agreement (PPA) in the U.K., located on the Kintyre Peninsula, Scotland. Once complete, the new Amazon wind farm will provide 50 megawatts MW of new renewable capacity with expected generation of 168,000 MWh of clean energy annually, enough to power 46,000 U.K. homes."}
{"id": "doc4313", "text": "Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy wind and solar projects will provide 265 MW of additional renewable capacity and are expected to begin producing energy in 2021, supplying energy to the company’s Amazon Web Services data centers."}
{"id": "doc4314", "text": "To date, Amazon has launched 18 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 1,600 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 4.6 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 368,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 98 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 130,000 MWh of clean energy annually."}
{"id": "doc4315", "text": "The e-tail giant is launching these projects as part of its commitment the Climate Pledge, an international agreement to meet the net zero carbon targets of the Paris Agreement by 2040, 10 years ahead of the accord’s goal. As part of its path to reach net zero carbon by 2040, Amazon intends to reach 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030."}
{"id": "doc4316", "text": "“We’ve announced eight projects this year and have more projects on the horizon – and we’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally,” said Kara Hurst, director of sustainability, Amazon. “With nearly 70 renewable energy projects around the globe – including 54 solar rooftops – we are making significant progress towards reaching Amazon’s company-wide commitment to reach 100% renewable energy by 2030.”"}
{"id": "doc4317", "text": "To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new transparency website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance."}
{"id": "doc4318", "text": "An e-tail giant is investing in solar farms in Illinois, Virginia, and Spain."}
{"id": "doc4319", "text": "Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the U.S. will be located in Lee County, Illinois and in northern Virginia. Together, they total 180 megawatts (MW) and are expected to generate almost 400,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of renewable energy annually. This will be Amazon’s first large-scale renewable energy project in the state of Illinois and ninth in the commonwealth of Virginia."}
{"id": "doc4320", "text": "Meanwhile, Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the company’s first large-scale project in Spain, located southeast of Sevilla. Once complete, the new solar farm will provide 149 megawatts (MW) of new renewable capacity."}
{"id": "doc4321", "text": "These projects support Amazon’s commitment to The Climate Pledge and reaching 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy target by 2030 on its path to net zero carbon by 2040."}
{"id": "doc4322", "text": "Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy solar projects will provide an estimated 329 MW of additional renewable capacity supplying energy to the company’s fulfillment network in Europe and Amazon Web Services (AWS) data centers."}
{"id": "doc4323", "text": "To date, Amazon has launched over 70 renewable energy projects that will provide over 1,900 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.3 million MWh of renewable energy annually. These projects include 21 utility-scale wind and solar farms and more than 50 solar rooftops installed on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe."}
{"id": "doc4324", "text": "“Earlier this year, we announced The Climate Pledge, setting a goal to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early and be net zero carbon by 2040. We also plan to run on 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030,” said Kara Hurst, director of sustainability, Amazon. “We’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally.”"}
{"id": "doc4325", "text": "To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new sustainability website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance. The site includes information on Amazon’s carbon footprint and other sustainability metrics that share the progress the company is making towards reaching The Climate Pledge."}
{"id": "doc4326", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4327", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4328", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4329", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4330", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4331", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4332", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4333", "text": "An e-tail giant is investing in solar farms in Illinois, Virginia, and Spain."}
{"id": "doc4334", "text": "Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the U.S. will be located in Lee County, Illinois and in northern Virginia. Together, they total 180 megawatts (MW) and are expected to generate almost 400,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of renewable energy annually. This will be Amazon’s first large-scale renewable energy project in the state of Illinois and ninth in the commonwealth of Virginia."}
{"id": "doc4335", "text": "Meanwhile, Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the company’s first large-scale project in Spain, located southeast of Sevilla. Once complete, the new solar farm will provide 149 megawatts (MW) of new renewable capacity."}
{"id": "doc4336", "text": "These projects support Amazon’s commitment to The Climate Pledge and reaching 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy target by 2030 on its path to net zero carbon by 2040."}
{"id": "doc4337", "text": "Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy solar projects will provide an estimated 329 MW of additional renewable capacity supplying energy to the company’s fulfillment network in Europe and Amazon Web Services (AWS) data centers."}
{"id": "doc4338", "text": "To date, Amazon has launched over 70 renewable energy projects that will provide over 1,900 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.3 million MWh of renewable energy annually. These projects include 21 utility-scale wind and solar farms and more than 50 solar rooftops installed on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe."}
{"id": "doc4339", "text": "“Earlier this year, we announced The Climate Pledge, setting a goal to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early and be net zero carbon by 2040. We also plan to run on 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030,” said Kara Hurst, director of sustainability, Amazon. “We’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally.”"}
{"id": "doc4340", "text": "To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new sustainability website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance. The site includes information on Amazon’s carbon footprint and other sustainability metrics that share the progress the company is making towards reaching The Climate Pledge."}
{"id": "doc4341", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4342", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4343", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4344", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4345", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4346", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4347", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4348", "text": "Amazon is investing in solar and wind farms in the U.S. and U.K."}
{"id": "doc4349", "text": "Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the U.S. will be located in Warren County, North Carolina, and Prince George County, Virginia. Together, they total 215 megawatts (MW) and are expected to generate 500,997 megawatt hours (MWh) of energy annually. This will be Amazon’s second renewable energy project in the state of North Carolina and eighth renewable energy project in the commonwealth of Virginia."}
{"id": "doc4350", "text": "Furthermore, Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the largest corporate wind power purchase agreement (PPA) in the U.K., located on the Kintyre Peninsula, Scotland. Once complete, the new Amazon wind farm will provide 50 megawatts MW of new renewable capacity with expected generation of 168,000 MWh of clean energy annually, enough to power 46,000 U.K. homes."}
{"id": "doc4351", "text": "Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy wind and solar projects will provide 265 MW of additional renewable capacity and are expected to begin producing energy in 2021, supplying energy to the company’s Amazon Web Services data centers."}
{"id": "doc4352", "text": "To date, Amazon has launched 18 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 1,600 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 4.6 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 368,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 98 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 130,000 MWh of clean energy annually."}
{"id": "doc4353", "text": "The e-tail giant is launching these projects as part of its commitment the Climate Pledge, an international agreement to meet the net zero carbon targets of the Paris Agreement by 2040, 10 years ahead of the accord’s goal. As part of its path to reach net zero carbon by 2040, Amazon intends to reach 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030."}
{"id": "doc4354", "text": "“We’ve announced eight projects this year and have more projects on the horizon – and we’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally,” said Kara Hurst, director of sustainability, Amazon. “With nearly 70 renewable energy projects around the globe – including 54 solar rooftops – we are making significant progress towards reaching Amazon’s company-wide commitment to reach 100% renewable energy by 2030.”"}
{"id": "doc4355", "text": "To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new transparency website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance."}
{"id": "doc4356", "text": "A discount giant is expanding its testing of autonomous vehicles for online grocery delivery."}
{"id": "doc4357", "text": "Walmart is launching a new pilot with autonomous vehicle company Nuro in Houston. The pilot will enable customers in Houston to opt in to receive deliveries of online grocery orders from self-driving Nuro vehicles. These will include Nuro’s custom-built R2 delivery vehicle that carries only products with no onboard driver or passengers, and autonomous Toyota Priuses, all powered by Nuro’s proprietary self-driving software and hardware."}
{"id": "doc4358", "text": "Through the Houston-based pilot, Walmart aims to develop, refine and continue learning how to offer the best end-to-end customer experience. The service plans to expand to the general public later in 2020."}
{"id": "doc4359", "text": "“As we near the end of 2019, we’ve grown our online grocery footprint to nearly 3,100 pickup locations with deliveries coming from more than 1,600 stores – powered by Walmart’s team of over 50,000 personal shoppers,” Tom Ward, senior VP, digital operations for Walmart U.S., said in a corporate blog post announcing the pilot. “Along the way, we’ve been test-driving a number of different options for getting groceries from our stores to our customers’ front doors through self-driving technology. We believe this technology is a natural extension of our grocery pickup and delivery service and our goal of making every day a little easier for customers.”"}
{"id": "doc4360", "text": "Walmart has been actively piloting different autonomous vehicle technologies as a means of delivering online grocery orders. In January 2019, the retailer initiated a pilot with autonomous vehicle company Udelv in Surprise, Ariz. The program will test the effectiveness of custom-made driverless cargo vans from Udelv in delivering groceries handpicked by Walmart personal shoppers to customers."}
{"id": "doc4361", "text": "In November 2018, Walmart partnered with Ford Motor Co. and Postmates to test self-driving vehicles to deliver fresh groceries in Florida’s Miami-Dade County. The pilot uses Ford driverless cars to deliver fresh groceries hand-picked by Walmart’s personal shoppers."}
{"id": "doc4362", "text": "Walmart is not the first retailer to test the effectiveness of Nuro autonomous vehicles for delivery. Kroger, a direct competitor with Walmart in the grocery space, has piloted self-driving deliveries with Nuro vehicles in Houston and Scottsdale, Ariz. And in December 2019, pizza chain Domino’s began testing the Nuro R2 for opt-in online deliveries at select Houston stores."}
{"id": "doc4363", "text": "Data from close to 5 million users of an on-demand delivery platform has been exposed."}
{"id": "doc4364", "text": "In a corporate blog post, DoorDash says that in September 2019, it became aware of “unusual activity” involving a third-party service provider. A subsequent investigation that included outside security experts determined that an unauthorized third party accessed some DoorDash user data on May 4, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4365", "text": "Approximately 4.9 million consumers, independent contractor drivers, and retailers who joined the DoorDash platform on or before April 5, 2018, are affected. Users who joined after April 5, 2018 are not affected. According to DoorDash, the type of user data accessed could include profile information including names, email addresses, delivery addresses, order history, phone numbers, and hashed, salted passwords which are indecipherable to third parties."}
{"id": "doc4366", "text": "For some consumers, the last four digits of their payment cards were also exposed, but not full credit card information such as complete payment card numbers or a card verification value (CVV) security code. DoorDash says the accessed data is not sufficient to make fraudulent charges on a payment card."}
{"id": "doc4367", "text": "In addition, some drivers and retailers had the last four digits of their bank account number. However, full bank account information was not accessed, and DoorDash says the information accessed is not sufficient to make fraudulent withdrawals from a bank account. Approximately 100,000 drivers had their driver’s license numbers accessed."}
{"id": "doc4368", "text": "DoorDash says it took “immediate steps” to block further access by the unauthorized third party and to enhance security across its platform, and is reaching out directly to affected users. The company is taking additional steps to secure user data, including adding additional protective security layers around data, improving security protocols that govern access to its systems, and bringing in outside security expertise."}
{"id": "doc4369", "text": "Although DoorDash does not believe that user passwords have been compromised, it is still recommending all of those affected to reset their passwords to one that is unique to DoorDash. "}
{"id": "doc4370", "text": "A common hacking technique has exposed personal information of some J. Crew customers."}
{"id": "doc4371", "text": "According to a letter from the J. Crew customer care center which has been posted online by the California Attorney General’s office, an “unauthorized party” is believed to have used stolen user emails and passwords to fraudulently log into their J. Crew accounts in April 2019. Information leaked in the hack includes the last four digits of credit card numbers stored in compromised accounts, the expiration dates, card types, and billing addresses connected to those cards, and order numbers, shipping confirmation numbers, and shipment status of those orders. "}
{"id": "doc4372", "text": "J. Crew does not believe any other information was exposed. The retailer says it discovered the breach through “routine and proactive Web scanning.”"}
{"id": "doc4373", "text": "According to Ameet Naik, security evangelist at Web security provider PerimeterX, a popular method of intrusion known as “credential stuffing” was behind this attack."}
{"id": "doc4374", "text": "“The hackers in this case were after credit card numbers,” said Naik. “They used credential stuffing, also known as account takeover (ATO) attacks, to gain access to J. Crew’s servers and siphon off this valuable bounty directly from their databases. Hackers typically use automated bots to rapidly try thousands of stolen usernames and passwords until they hit the jackpot.”"}
{"id": "doc4375", "text": "To protect against credential stuffing attacks, Naik advises retailers to develop bot mitigation capabilities and consumers to use different passwords on different sites and lock down their credit records as much as possible."}
{"id": "doc4376", "text": "J. Crew has disabled affected accounts and will require that customers whose data was exposed in the breach contact its customer care center to review their account and reset their password. J. Crew also recommends customers change their password on any other account where they use the same password discovered in this incident."}
{"id": "doc4377", "text": "The nation’s largest department store chain has been the victim of an online security breach."}
{"id": "doc4378", "text": "In a letter to customers, Macy’s says that on Oct. 15, 2019, it was alerted to a “suspicious connection” between the macys.com e-commerce site and another site. Based on an internal investigation, Macy’s believes that on Oct. 7, an “unauthorized third party” added malware to the checkout page and wallet page on its e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc4379", "text": "The malware enabled unauthorized access to personal and financial data shoppers entered on these two pages, including payment card information for completed orders as well as customer first and last names, street addresses, and email addresses. This breach appears to be a “Magecart” attack, an increasingly popular form of cyberattack where hackers install JavaScript on a legitimate e-commerce site to collect card data every time a customer makes a purchase. Data from mobile customers was not compromised as part of this breach."}
{"id": "doc4380", "text": "According to Macy’s, it “quickly contacted” federal law enforcement and brought in an outside forensics firm after launching its internal investigation. The retailer says it has reported payment card numbers believed to have been compromised to Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. Macy’s has also taken unspecified steps to prevent future Magecart attacks."}
{"id": "doc4381", "text": "While Macy’s says there is “no reason” for customers to believe criminals could open fraudulent accounts in their name using information stolen in the breach, the retailer advises customers to actively monitor their payment card activity and immediately report anything suspicious. Macy’s is also offering customers whose data may have been exposed 12 free months of Experian identity restoration services. "}
{"id": "doc4382", "text": "Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is also reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack."}
{"id": "doc4383", "text": "An on-demand delivery platform is opening a shared commissary kitchen."}
{"id": "doc4384", "text": "DoorDash is launching a new to-go-only concept called DoorDash Kitchens, Located in Redwood City, Calif., DoorDash Kitchens enables local and national restaurants including Nations Giant Hamburgers, Rooster & Rice, Humphry Slocombe, and The Halal Guys to offer delivery, pickup, and group order options to consumers in the California Peninsula area."}
{"id": "doc4385", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens provides on-demand delivery access from restaurants to customers across seven Bay Area markets including Atherton, Belmont, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, and Woodside. Pickup options are available to customers in 13 suburban markets including Atherton, Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, San Mateo, Sunnyvale, and Woodside."}
{"id": "doc4386", "text": "Customers within range of DoorDash Kitchens can open up the DoorDash app and find these restaurants in their feed. To celebrate the grand opening, DoorDash is offering $0 delivery fees to DoorDash Kitchens restaurants including Nations Giant Hamburgers, Rooster & Rice, Humphry Slocombe, and The Halal Guys through the end of the year."}
{"id": "doc4387", "text": "With DoorDash Kitchens, foodservice retailers can gain access to new customers in neighboring communities without the same overhead costs involved in opening additional store locations. DoorDash Kitchens provides the infrastructure, maintenance, marketing, and last-mile logistics, offering an end-to-end online sales and delivery solution."}
{"id": "doc4388", "text": "DoorDash works in partnership with each merchant, co-designing the DoorDash Kitchens space with the restaurants to customize the environment to their needs. DoorDash Kitchens will build a team of up to 50 full- or part-time employees in the Redwood City area as well as offer flexible work opportunities for contract drivers. Leveraging shared space, DoorDash hopes to empower restaurants to offer new menu offerings and pairings unique to DoorDash Kitchens."}
{"id": "doc4389", "text": "We are constantly working on innovations that help merchants find new, meaningful ways to reach customers and run their businesses more efficiently, said Fuad Hannon, head of new business verticals at DoorDash. We launched DoorDash over six years ago in the Peninsula, and cant wait to bring even more selection to the local community we know and admire."}
{"id": "doc4390", "text": "DoorDash operates in more than 4,000 cities across all 50 states."}
{"id": "doc4391", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens is adding two new quick-service food retailers looking to expand their operations."}
{"id": "doc4392", "text": "Launched in October 2019 and located in Redwood City, Calif., DoorDash Kitchens is a to-go-only shared commissary kitchen concept that enables local and national restaurants to offer delivery, pickup, and group order options to consumers in the California Peninsula area. Two San Francisco-based restaurants, RT Rotisserie and The Italian Homemade Company, are joining the program."}
{"id": "doc4393", "text": "A casual dining spinoff of Rich Table, RT Rotisserie has two locations in San Francisco and is seeking to reach new customers outside its immediate vicinity, without the typical costs and risks associated with opening new storefronts."}
{"id": "doc4394", "text": "The Italian Homemade Company operates seven locations in the Bay Area and Los Angeles area, and plans to open new brick-and-mortar stores in Los Angeles and Chicago during 2020. Italian Homemade seeks to expand its brand in a new market close to its headquarters without the typical associated overhead costs, and to expand its catering business. Like all of its other locations, Italian Homemade’s DoorDash Kitchens store will feature a permanent chef from Italy."}
{"id": "doc4395", "text": "DoorDash Kitchens provides on-demand delivery access from restaurants to customers across seven Bay Area markets including Atherton, Belmont, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, and Woodside. Pickup options are available to customers in 13 suburban markets including Atherton, Belmont, Burlingame, Foster City, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Carlos, San Mateo, Sunnyvale, and Woodside. Customers within range of DoorDash Kitchens can open up the DoorDash app and find these restaurants in their feed."}
{"id": "doc4396", "text": "With DoorDash Kitchens, foodservice retailers can gain access to new customers in neighboring communities without the same overhead costs involved in opening additional store locations. DoorDash Kitchens provides the infrastructure, maintenance, marketing, and last-mile logistics, offering an end-to-end online sales and delivery solution."}
{"id": "doc4397", "text": "DoorDash works in partnership with each merchant, co-designing the DoorDash Kitchens space with the restaurants to customize the environment to their needs. "}
{"id": "doc4398", "text": "DoorDash operates in more than 4,000 cities across all 50 states."}
{"id": "doc4399", "text": "The Kroger Co. is entering the meal-delivery business via a fast-growing new trend."}
{"id": "doc4400", "text": "The nation’s largest supermarket retailer launched a partnership with ClusterTruck, a software platform that powers delivery-only kitchens. (Delivery-only kitchens, also known as “dark” or “ghost” kitchens, are commercial cooking spaces with no dine-in option, functioning as hubs for online orders). The new concept, called Kroger Delivery Kitchen Powered by ClusterTruck, delivers fresh meals on-demand with no service or delivery fees. "}
{"id": "doc4401", "text": "The service has launched in Indianapolis and in Columbus (Ohio), and also in Denver where it operates under Kroger’s King Soopers banner. Kroger and ClusterTruck are  opening a fourth kitchen in Carmel, Indiana.  "}
{"id": "doc4402", "text": "The way our customers order and receive meals is evolving, and ClusterTrucks innovative culinary and digital design is cracking the code for the future of profitable meal delivery, said Yael Cosset, CIO, Krogers CIO. Kroger is leveraging ClusterTrucks advanced technology to ensure our customers dont have to sacrifice quality and value for convenience when it comes to meal delivery. Kroger Delivery Kitchen Powered by ClusterTruck will allow our customers to access restaurant-quality fresh and delicious meals like never before and without having to pay excessive service or delivery fees. "}
{"id": "doc4403", "text": " Customers in Carmel, Indianapolis and Columbus delivery zones can go to  KrogerDeliveryKitchen.com to place their orders online or download the ClusterTruck app. The menu selection is varied, ranging from pizza to pad Thai."}
{"id": "doc4404", "text": "ClusterTruck was co-founded in 2015 and launched its first kitchen in 2016. The Indianapolis-based company owns and operates vertically integrated delivery-only kitchens powered by a proprietary software system. The system uses custom algorithms to optimize kitchen and delivery operations, ensuring that nearly every order is in the hands of the customer within seven minutes of the meals preparation. The average time between placing an order and a customer receiving their food is less than 30 minutes, Kroger said."}
{"id": "doc4405", "text": "ClusterTrucks ultra-fresh and quick made-from-scratch meals set them apart in the food delivery landscape, said Suzy Monford, Krogers group VP of fresh. "}
{"id": "doc4406", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4407", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4408", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4409", "text": "There’s a new person at the top of Lord & Taylor."}
{"id": "doc4410", "text": "Fashion rental subscription service Le Tote has completed its acquisition of Lord & Taylor from Hudson’s Bay Company and has named Ruth Hartman, chief merchandising officer of Le Tote, as president of the department store company. Hartman brings more than 30 years of experience to her new role. Prior to Le Tote, which she joined in 2014, she held executive positions at Macy’s and DSW."}
{"id": "doc4411", "text": "“With a customer-focused mindset and both traditional and next-gen industry expertise, Ruth is uniquely qualified to spearhead this exciting first step into the future of retail,” said Rakesh Tondon, CEO, Le Tote."}
{"id": "doc4412", "text": "In August, Hudson’s Bay announced it was selling Lord & Taylor, America’s oldest department store, to Le Tote for $100 million. (Hudson’s Bay also received an equity stake in Le Tote, two seats on its board and certain rights as a minority shareholder.)"}
{"id": "doc4413", "text": "With the deal closed, Le Tote became the first digitally native brand to acquire an established brick and mortar retailer. The company has assumed operations of 38 Lord & Taylor stores and the brand’s digital channels and vast inventory. Through its rental platform, Le Tote said it will offer shoppers access to the largest selection of styles and brands in the industry."}
{"id": "doc4414", "text": "The first cross-brand collaboration between Le Tote and Lord & Taylor was launched in October, with the opening of Le Tote’s Rental Studio in Lord & Taylor’s store in Ridge Hill, New York. In addition to learning about Le Tote’s rental service first hand, customers have the opportunity to browse a sampling of the rental inventory, have their measurements taken by a store associate, and return their good from Le Tote ( if already a member.) Additional Rental Studio locations are scheduled to launch in the coming weeks."}
{"id": "doc4415", "text": "“By pairing tradition and technology, we are erasing the lines between online and in store, renting and buying,” said Tondon. “Today, more than ever, people aren’t single brand or single-channel shoppers.”"}
{"id": "doc4416", "text": "In related news, Le Tote announced that Brian Hoke will as Lord & Taylor’s chief merchandising officer, and that Robert Wehrle will remain as senior VP of stores."}
{"id": "doc4417", "text": "Additionally, Hudson’s Bay’s Bari Harlam (chief marketing officer), and Nick Cavallaro (VP of corporate development), join the Le Tote board."}
{"id": "doc4418", "text": "Two-thirds of malls and large-format shopping centers managed by CBRE reported increased shopper on Black Friday weekend 2019 compared to last year.  "}
{"id": "doc4419", "text": "CBRE personnel based their measurements on a combination of vehicle counts, shopper counts, and firsthand assessments by center management, some of whom reported “significant” rises in shopper volume."}
{"id": "doc4420", "text": "“Shoppers are using both online and brick-and-mortar channels through the full cycle of their purchase, including buying merchandise online and picking it up in the store and returning to the store items bought online, said Meghann Martindale, global head of retail research at CBRE."}
{"id": "doc4421", "text": "Big traffic drivers included movie theaters, restaurants, and events and experiences such as Santa visits, tree-lighting ceremonies, and holiday markets featuring local merchants for Small Business Saturday."}
{"id": "doc4422", "text": "Retailers that drew especially strong traffic included mobile-phone stores, beauty supply retailers, and national apparel retailers. "}
{"id": "doc4423", "text": "“Many people still enjoy the tradition and social interaction of hunting for bargains with family and friends at stores on Black Friday, and that showed in the feedback we received from centers we manage,” Martindale said."}
{"id": "doc4424", "text": "Of the centers surveyed, six were in the West, six in the Midwest and Central U.S., and two in the East."}
{"id": "doc4425", "text": "A specialty westernwear retailer is spurring growth by integrating new electronic data interchange (EDI) capabilities with its ERP platform."}
{"id": "doc4426", "text": "Texas-based Cavender’s, which operates 84 stores across 11 Southern and Midwestern states, has integrated the TrueCommerce ecUtopia EDI solution with its existing Jesta I.S. Vision Suite ERP platform. The ecUtopia solution replaces a previously implemented EDI tool which Cavender’s determined would not support planned growth initiatives, improved vendor partnerships, inventory expansion, or advancement of its technical and data analytics capabilities."}
{"id": "doc4427", "text": "Since deploying TrueCommerce technology, Cavender’s has enhanced collaboration with vendors, including the ability to share analytics, which helps optimize product availability. Three-way matching of POs, packing slips and invoices enhances productivity across multiple departments, while automating manual processes allows staff to move from operational to customer-facing roles"}
{"id": "doc4428", "text": "In addition, new EDI-driven capabilities help cut shipping costs and lead times while optimizing inventory, and seamless integration automates the movement of EDI data in and out of the retailer’s Jesta’s Vision Suite ERP platform. For smaller vendors that don’t use EDI, the EDI portal helps automate communication."}
{"id": "doc4429", "text": "Cavender’s is also rolling out carton-level receiving, assumed receiving and other operational automations made possible by TrueCommerce technology. Furthermore, the retailer says its merchandising department has better visibility into product flow and order fulfillment, enabling earlier detection of problems such as missing or incomplete vendor shipments."}
{"id": "doc4430", "text": "Looking ahead, Cavender’s is considering leveraging its advanced EDI capabilities to support activities such as direct-to-customer vendor shipping, vendor-managed inventory (VMI), and vendor-managed analytics. "}
{"id": "doc4431", "text": "“The TrueCommerce ecUtopia Platform offers Cavender’s ways to advance our business, our communications and our partnerships with vendors,” said Larry Waterman, executive VP and COO, Cavender’s. “It brings rich data analytics to our business and enables us to leverage new opportunities like direct-to-customer vendor shipping and other distribution strategies. They’re a great company with incredible technology and customer support capabilities, along with a partnership-oriented approach.”"}
{"id": "doc4432", "text": "United Dairy Farmers Inc. (UDF) is gaining insight into store and labor operations."}
{"id": "doc4433", "text": "The Cincinnati-based convenience retailer is deploying the Reflexis Workforce Scheduler solution to simplify associate scheduling and forecasting. By combining Workforce Scheduler with Reflexis employee self-service and advanced analytics and reporting software, UDF seeks to empower store associates and managers to take more control of scheduling activities. "}
{"id": "doc4434", "text": "The retailer also intends to gain more insight into store and labor operations while optimizing labor spend. Specifically, UDF looks to more efficiently forecast workload demand, rapidly generate accurate schedules, and create accurate and precise labor budgets. "}
{"id": "doc4435", "text": "UDF will also utilize Reflexis advanced analytics and reporting software to discover trends in store execution, store auditing and labor operations data, with the goal of improving store operations."}
{"id": "doc4436", "text": "“We are excited to add Reflexis workforce management solutions and move away from manually creating employee schedules,” said Dan Burke, VP of retail operations for UDF. “Based on feedback from our associate engagement survey and through talking with our managers and associates, automating the scheduling process in our stores is a key priority. Workforce Scheduler will help us increase productivity, increase associate engagement, lower associate turnover and, in turn, continue to enhance the guest experience across our stores and other lines of business.”"}
{"id": "doc4437", "text": "UDF operates almost 200 convenience stores employing over 3,000 associates."}
{"id": "doc4438", "text": "Charlotte Russe is using technology to enforce consistent repair and maintenance operations across locations."}
{"id": "doc4439", "text": "The young women’s apparel retailer is expanding the use of an SaaS-based automated platform from ServiceChannel that monitors the completion of service work orders conducted by various third-party contractors. The platform has been in use for some three years to monitor and repair maintenance jobs needed across Charlotte Russe stores."}
{"id": "doc4440", "text": "“Our store-level and facilities management teams were using the platform for basic capabilities,” explained Shannon Markwell, national facilities manager for Charlotte Russe, which operates 532 stores in the United States and Puerto Rico. “Work orders were input into the system, but there was limited visibility into completion and contractor response times.”"}
{"id": "doc4441", "text": "In addition, third-party vendors didn’t have access to the platform, making it difficult to keep contractors accountable for job order completion."}
{"id": "doc4442", "text": "Further exacerbating the issue was that store managers were building reports in Excel documents and delivering them to district managers through email. Besides being a time consuming manual process, work order data was often stale."}
{"id": "doc4443", "text": "It was not until the retailer experienced employee turnover across its facilities team that “we found 1,800 work orders in the system were not yet even deployed,” Markwell said."}
{"id": "doc4444", "text": "Upon further investigation, she determined that Charlotte Russe was only utilizing 5% of the platform’s functionality. "}
{"id": "doc4445", "text": "“A data portal can only process the work orders that are input into the system,” Markwell added. “We wanted to use the platform as more than a repository for work orders. We needed to better manage the platform and use it to deploy the workers needed to complete the tasks.”"}
{"id": "doc4446", "text": "Extended capabilities: Markwell spent six months learning how to further apply ServiceChannel’s capabilities across the company’s facilities management team and hit new department goals. This included implementing an analytics and reporting process for her team, as well as enabling store and district managers and contractors to accessthe platform."}
{"id": "doc4447", "text": "Using dedicated dashboards, store managers and district managers began using analytics to track mission-critical data and key performance indicators, including work order type and jobs at specific stores, among other metrics. Store managers also used the dashboard to track work order progress and measure their location’s performance."}
{"id": "doc4448", "text": "“Store managers are using the dashboard to make sure maintenance is fully up to date, and can also view troubleshooting documents created by the facilities team,” Markwell said. “We educated the store teams on how valuable the platform is, and how it can save time and money.”"}
{"id": "doc4449", "text": "Meanwhile, district managers are accessing the dashboard via company-supplied mobile devices to stay abreast of work order status across all stores. They can also measure vendor performance through quarterly scorecards and track contractor compliance and documentation."}
{"id": "doc4450", "text": "The efforts are paying off. Since leveraging more platform capabilities, the company has seen a 54% reduction in the timing of work order completion."}
{"id": "doc4451", "text": "Eager for more gains, Charlotte Russe continues to expand the platform across other company divisions. By adopting the platform’s Supply Manager functionality, the retailer is simplifying its equipment replacement, an ordering process for supplies. The operation, which is now based on predetermined policies and pricing guidelines, has saved the company approximately $1.5 million over the past 18 months, Markwell reported. "}
{"id": "doc4452", "text": "ServiceChannel’s automated invoice processing and the integration of electronic data interchange, a standard messaging process that enables Charlotte Russe to transfer data to vendor partners, has eliminated more than 60 hours of labor each week. "}
{"id": "doc4453", "text": "“In the past, we would scan and print out every invoice and tax validate each one manually,” Markwell said. “Now we can process and transfer all invoices electronically.”"}
{"id": "doc4454", "text": "Markwell’s next plan is to use the platform to manage site audits."}
{"id": "doc4455", "text": "“We want to partner with a vendor who can visit stores and report on their conditions on our behalf,” she said. “Their data will help us determine how to service these locations and evolve them into top tier stores.”"}
{"id": "doc4456", "text": "Markwell hopes to launch the program in the next six months. "}
{"id": "doc4457", "text": "Two online marketing platforms are partnering to extend the reach of brands’ product reviews and user-generated content."}
{"id": "doc4458", "text": "Through a new collaboration with Bazaarvoice, Yotpo will enable its retail and brand users to syndicate their product reviews and visual user-generated content to the global Bazaarvoice network of 1,900 retail websites, which reaches over one billion monthly shoppers. This offering follows Yotpos prior acquisition of loyalty and referrals platform Swell Rewards and recent acquisition of SMS marketing solution SMSBump."}
{"id": "doc4459", "text": "In surveys conducted by Yotpo, 98% of respondents consider authentic customer reviews to be the most influential factor in purchase decisions, and 77% said that authentic customer photos affect their purchase decisions more than professional photos. "}
{"id": "doc4460", "text": "As brands shift to develop more direct relationships with their customers, retail presents an unmatched opportunity to boost awareness, brand equity, and sales, said Tomer Tagrin, CEO and co-founder, Yotpo. Consumers are strongly influenced by the social proof that customer reviews and photos provide, making the ability to syndicate user-generated content to an industry-leading retail review syndication network a win for all: consumers, brands, and retailers alike."}
{"id": "doc4461", "text": "Syndication to the Bazaarvoice Network represents a powerful channel for brands looking to scale their business and maintain lasting customer relationships, says Keith Nealon, CEO, Bazaarvoice. Were confident that our combined client base will benefit greatly from syndicating content across our wide-reaching network."}
{"id": "doc4462", "text": "E-commerce platform Verishop supports curation and discovery with product information management (PIM)."}
{"id": "doc4463", "text": "Launched in June 2019 as a millennial- and Gen Z-friendly alternative to Amazon, Verishop provides products it directly purchases from what it calls handpicked, “verified and curated” brands in the women’s and men’s apparel and accessories, home, and beauty categories. "}
{"id": "doc4464", "text": "Verishop also offers youth-oriented collections such as Tastemakers, where millennial and Gen Z influencers offer curated product selections with multiple images. The Responsible Shop section features an assortment of cruelty-free, organic and fair trade goods, while a dedicated section of “clean beauty” products features non-toxic items."}
{"id": "doc4465", "text": "To ensure customers receive accurate, up-to-date, and consistent product descriptions, and that they are able to discover products matched to their specific needs, Verishop has selected Akeneo as its product information management (PIM) technology provider to manage its 4,000-plus SKUs. Verishop initially implemented Akeneo enterprise PIM technology to improve the productivity of its catalog managers, and then upgraded to Akeneo’s cloud-based SaaS enterprise solution. "}
{"id": "doc4466", "text": "This upgrade has allowed the company’s managers to create reference titles that allow common product information such as color, care instructions, and tax code to be shared among related products. Managers can also now leverage an enhanced rights management function."}
{"id": "doc4467", "text": "In addition, Verishop leverages an artificial intelligence (AI)-based product data intelligence tool that automates search engine optimization (SEO)-ready product information curation and enrichment. This enables faster time-to-market for new product launches and makes SEO optimization easier to perform for non-technical staff. As a result, Verishop has seen improved conversion rates, reduced product returns, and enhanced customer experience. "}
{"id": "doc4468", "text": "“Akeneo’s PIM solution helps us deliver on our promise of ensuring consistent product experiences across the entire purchase journey,” said Jason Bosco, Verishop’s VP of technology. “We aim to be the go-to place for shoppers to rely on for brand and product discovery, paired with convenience and customer service.”"}
{"id": "doc4469", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc4470", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc4471", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc4472", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc4473", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc4474", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc4475", "text": "A comfort footwear and orthotics brand wants your shoes to fit perfectly, regardless of where you buy them."}
{"id": "doc4476", "text": "Chain Store Age recently spoke with Larry Schwartz, CEO of Aetrex Worldwide, about the company’s new partnership with fashion personalization and customer experience platform True Fit. "}
{"id": "doc4477", "text": "In addition to selling its own custom footwear and orthotics products, Aetrex also runs the foot health site foot.com and has developed its proprietary “Albert” 3D foot scanner technology. The technology uses computer vision, sensor, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning technologies to determine individual consumer data such as size, length, width, height, pressure, and arch type in under one minute."}
{"id": "doc4478", "text": "How is Aetrex working with True Fit?"}
{"id": "doc4479", "text": "“We have joined in a strategic partnership to combine True Fit’s Fashion Genome connected data set and personal size, fit and style recommendations with the Aetrex technology suite, including our Albert 3D foot scanner, Fit HQ AI solution, and Albert mobile applications. The result is an interactive, omnichannel experience that connects in-store foot scanning data to direct the shopper and recommends the best-fitting footwear for both their foot type and fit and style preferences.  "}
{"id": "doc4480", "text": "“The foot scans will enrich each shopper’s True Fit profile, and will enhance accuracy and relevance of the footwear recommendations anywhere True Fit is available. True Fit currently serves personal style, fit, and size recommendations to over 125 million True Fit registered users globally across its network of retailers and partners. This new partnership enhances True Fit’s ability to serve consumers in store and digitally by creating an engaging way for shoppers to interact in the store with sales associates, enrich their True Fit profiles, and increase their chances of finding a pair of shoes they’ll love and keep.”"}
{"id": "doc4481", "text": "What does this technology partnership enable?"}
{"id": "doc4482", "text": "“This partnership is particularly useful for consumers with special foot fit and sizing considerations, as well as specific performance needs. Aetrex 3D foot scans add an extra layer of data that represents a more nuanced view of the foot. By giving consumers the option of adding the additional 3D scan data to their True Fit profile, True Fit and Aetrex aim to provide better shoe recommendations in store and everywhere they shop digitally.” "}
{"id": "doc4483", "text": "What about this offering is new and notable for stores?"}
{"id": "doc4484", "text": "“Providing the right style, fit, and size the first time helps retailers create a better customer service experience, resulting in an increase in customer loyalty. This means higher sales conversions, higher rate of trying new brands and styles, higher keep rate on orders with multiple items, and 30-50% reduction of size-related returns for True Fit users. For merchants, marketers, and product designers, the addition of 3D foot scans increases understanding of consumers, product knowledge, product design, and merchandising.  "}
{"id": "doc4485", "text": "“In addition, parents have a new tool at their disposal to improve their ability to get their child into the best size. Retail associates are further enabled as fit experts and personal shoppers, and newer employees can be almost as efficient and effective as their best store associates starting on day one.”"}
{"id": "doc4486", "text": "How does it impact and benefit shoppers?"}
{"id": "doc4487", "text": "“Shoppers benefit by having increased confidence to make a purchase knowing that the shoes being recommended are considering an even more nuanced view of their foot, combining True Fit’s rich style preference and deep product information with Aetrex’s detail 3D foot scan data. Shoppers themselves or the store associate are now able to quickly locate personalized footwear options based on their foot dimensions, preferences, and the inventory available in store or online from a particular retailer.”"}
{"id": "doc4488", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4489", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4490", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4491", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4492", "text": "There are big boxes, and then there are big, big boxes."}
{"id": "doc4493", "text": "SR Realty Trust has purchased a single store property in Oconomowoc, Wis., for the stunning price of $36.5 million. This is not your run-of-the mill store, but the 216,628-sq.-ft. home of Fleet Farm, a business that brings new meaning to the term one-stop-shop."}
{"id": "doc4494", "text": "Fleet Farm sells food for people, pets, and livestock. At the cavernous emporium, one can buy clothing, lawn mowers, patio furniture, handguns, ice fishing shelters, golf clubs, boat seats, toys, and living room furniture. Fleet Farm will change the oil in your car and sell you a new set of tires. "}
{"id": "doc4495", "text": "“In today’s marketplace, it’s rare to see 200,000-plus-sq.-ft. retail big-box stores sell due to increasing online competition and retailers downsizing into smaller footprints,” said Tom Fritz, senior director of Stan Johnson Company, which brokered the deal on behalf of the seller, a developer from Green Bay. "}
{"id": "doc4496", "text": "“The amount of interest in this asset speaks to the strength of the Fleet Farm business model, and reinforces that retail is still a very necessary part of the future of real estate,” Fritz added."}
{"id": "doc4497", "text": "Fleet Farms was built in 2018 and is situated on nearly 20 acres along Interstate 94 in Pabst Farms, a 1,500-acre mixed-use development still under phased development. Upon completion, the community will offer residential, retail, office, and healthcare space with 360 acres of parks and greenspace."}
{"id": "doc4498", "text": "Fritz said that 10 offers were received for the property. "}
{"id": "doc4499", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc4500", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc4501", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc4502", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc4503", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc4504", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc4505", "text": "Its nine-county draw of more than a million people and easy access to I-75 are two of the biggest reasons REI will take residence in Gainesville, Fla., in 2020."}
{"id": "doc4506", "text": "The 23,000-sq.-ft. store will be located at Butler Town Center, a new addition to the sprawling Butler retail complex in Gainesville. Whole Foods, Cheesecake Factory, and P.F. Changs are among the first tenants to open at the mixed-use project, which will feature luxury retail and residential when it completes its phased opening."}
{"id": "doc4507", "text": "“Alachua County is one of the most beautiful places to get outdoors. It’s the perfect setting for an outdoor-focused, high-quality retailer like REI,” said Deborah Butler, president of Butler Enterprises who helped design and curate the Town Center. "}
{"id": "doc4508", "text": "The county features eight state parks, including the 21,000 acre Paynes Prairie Preserve, and more than 100 miles of hiking and biking trails."}
{"id": "doc4509", "text": "Macy’s is partnering with a first-of-its-kind venture capital fund on a new in-store initiative."}
{"id": "doc4510", "text": "The department store retailer is opening in-store shops in its New York flagship and six other locations dedicated to products from a variety of women-led small businesses. The SoGifted shops are made possible via a partnership with SoGal Ventures, the first female-led millennial venture capital fund investing in diverse U.S. entrepreneurs in the United States. Macy’s recently took a minority stake in the fund. "}
{"id": "doc4511", "text": "The SoGifted shops feature a selection of products from women-founded brands in the SoGal community, including Lovevery, toys designed by experts for a child’s developing brain, Neely & Chloe, a fashion-forward accessories range, and TomboyX, a size and gender inclusive line of underwear and pajamas "}
{"id": "doc4512", "text": "The shops will be open through January 2020."}
{"id": "doc4513", "text": "The new initiative is also part of Macy’s ongoing partnership with b8ta, operator of the Ark Marketplace platform that allows brands that traditionally haven’t operated stores to quickly set up new physical retail operations. The b8ta-powered platform enabled SoGal’s range of entrepreneurs to set up shop at Macy’s within a matter of weeks."}
{"id": "doc4514", "text": "“Our mission is to build a firm that embodies the cultural values that we want to see in the world,” said Elizabeth Galbut, SoGal Ventures co-founder. “With the partnership at Macy’s we’re taking this a step further and giving in-store shoppers across the country an opportunity to discover and support female-led small business brands - so the next generation of women can be empowered to know that entrepreneurship is within their reach.”"}
{"id": "doc4515", "text": "SoGifted will be featured at the following Macy’s store locations through January 31, 2020:"}
{"id": "doc4516", "text": "•    Herald Square (NYC) - on the Mezzanine•    Lenox Square (Atlanta) - on the main floor•    Fashion Show (Las Vegas) - on the main floor•    Northshore (Boston) - on the main floor•    North Star (San Antonio) - on the main floor•    Twelve Oaks (Detroit) - on the main floor•    Galleria (Ft. Lauderdale) - on the main floor"}
{"id": "doc4517", "text": "With increased traffic and sales, the holidays also bring retailers heightened risk of cyberattack."}
{"id": "doc4518", "text": "Chain Store Age recently discussed the most pressing security threats facing retailers during the 2019 holiday season and beyond with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a senior computer scientist on the Cyber Task Force at the FBI Seattle field office, shared insight on the latest cybercrime techniques retailers must defend themselves against as peak season approaches."}
{"id": "doc4519", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during Black Friday?"}
{"id": "doc4520", "text": "“There is a new trend of cybercriminals using more targeted, strategic ransomware to lock up computers and demand extortion payments to unlock them. In the past, threat actors focused on stealing payment card records from retailers and paid close attention to the days leading up to Black Friday. "}
{"id": "doc4521", "text": "“The whole holiday shopping season was a lucrative time, as there is a high volume of card-present transactions. Criminals would install machines in card swipes at POS terminals. As they got hit hard with these type of attacks, more retailers began implementing EMV readers and point-to-point encryptors, making it difficult to steal card numbers."}
{"id": "doc4522", "text": "“While there is still a hot market to purchase stolen card numbers, ransomware has gone from a scattershot, random attack to a targeted, strategic attack. Companies frequently buy cyberinsurance, and many policies will help pay for ransom. The cybercriminals have a list of what insurance companies are willing to pay and what insurance companies retailers are using. "}
{"id": "doc4523", "text": "“Hackers will also time a ransomware attack so retailers have short timeframe to make a decision. If a retailer is facing a period of two to three weeks to restore their systems from backup during the holiday shopping period and the hacker promises that if they put in the secret key they will get by paying ransom their systems will be back in one day, there is a strong incentive to pay.”"}
{"id": "doc4524", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face for Cyber Monday?"}
{"id": "doc4525", "text": "“We are seeing a huge increase in the number of attacks on e-commerce sites that provide services for online retailers. For example, a company that provides a turnkey solution retailers can use for shipping. A hacker who gains access can install malware on multiple different retailers at once and collect card data as it is entered into site."}
{"id": "doc4526", "text": "“These are known as ‘Magecart’ attacks, and are being perpetrated by many unrelated groups who are using similar techniques to compromise online retailers. They gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase. Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc4527", "text": "(Editor’s note: Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack.) "}
{"id": "doc4528", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during the remainder of the holiday season?"}
{"id": "doc4529", "text": "“Retailers face the same threats post-Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with malware harvesting card data as customers make transactions in person or online, and ransomware/extortion attacks. In the past few months, there have been reports of the coming together of threat actors who typically operate in separate circles, selling criminal services requiring special skills."}
{"id": "doc4530", "text": "“For example, some threat actors break into networks all day and have their own expertise. Others are experts at social engineering or phishing, or develop custom malware that standard antivirus programs won’t recognize. They advertise on the dark web and share data on activities like locking up computers with ransomware."}
{"id": "doc4531", "text": "“Researchers got the idea to analyze the dark web to discover which companies were being targeted, so now cybercriminals share information in vague terms or directly cooperate with large ransomware groups. They may sell their expert  criminal services exclusively to one steady customer they know can pay.”"}
{"id": "doc4532", "text": "What is the biggest threat on the horizon for 2020?"}
{"id": "doc4533", "text": "“More retailers will adopt proactive security strategies to protect their networks and receive alerts when threat actors are in the network. A natural consequence has been threat actors have become more advanced in researching security products. They acquire the same security products retailers use and put smart people to work researching, reverse engineering and testing security products to learn how to evade them and obtain access to high-value targets. "}
{"id": "doc4534", "text": "“Retailers need to not just prevent and block threat actors, who always find ways to evade security software, but also detect them once they are inside the network.” "}
{"id": "doc4535", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4536", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4537", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4538", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4539", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4540", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4541", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4542", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4543", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4544", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4545", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4546", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4547", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4548", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4549", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4550", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4551", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4552", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4553", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4554", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4555", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4556", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4557", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4558", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4559", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4560", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4561", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4562", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4563", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4564", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4565", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4566", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4567", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4568", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4569", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4570", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4571", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4572", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4573", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4574", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4575", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4576", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4577", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4578", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4579", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4580", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4581", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4582", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4583", "text": "Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Inc. is ensuring corporate headquarters and stores stay in touch."}
{"id": "doc4584", "text": "The extreme value retailer is deploying Opterus OpsCenter, a multi-modular cloud solution designed to streamline the centralized management and execution of store tasks and communications. The solution measures and increases operational compliance, communicates corporate policy, manages day-to-day objectives and tasks, and manages processes linking corporate office and store locations. "}
{"id": "doc4585", "text": "“We are excited to be able to provide Ollie’s Bargain Outlet with the enhanced store associate collaboration they were looking for along with comprehensive reporting of closed tickets, completed tasks and overall communications,” said Gary Stonell, VP, business development, Opterus Inc. "}
{"id": "doc4586", "text": "Other retailers are also leveraging Opterus OpsCenter. Canadian footwear chain Browns Shoes has replaced an internally-built email and task platform with OpsCenter to deliver clear, concise information to stores."}
{"id": "doc4587", "text": "Ollie’s currently operates 345 stores in 25 states throughout the Eastern half of the U.S."}
{"id": "doc4588", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4589", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4590", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4591", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4592", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4593", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4594", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4595", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4596", "text": "A specialty fashion retailer is scaling its highly personalized brick-and-mortar experience for the web."}
{"id": "doc4597", "text": "California-based Ruti, which operates eight stores across the U.S. as well as an e-commerce site, has raised $6 million in a Series A funding round led by Viola Ventures. Ruti will use the investment to expand development of its proprietary in-store technology platform, including the addition of a customized digital experience."}
{"id": "doc4598", "text": "The retailer is building upon a proprietary, artificial intelligence (AI)-based technology platform that provides brick-and-mortar customers with a hyper-personalized, high-touch experience. Using opt-in facial recognition technology, the system scans and photographs a customer’s face when they enter the store, with the image uploaded to Ruti’s CRM system."}
{"id": "doc4599", "text": "The AI system can identify repeat customers within seconds, sending their history, profile, and individually recommended products to sales associates. In addition, the system continuously builds customers’ profiles, including past purchases, items they’ve tried on, and other attributes. Customer feedback gathered on the database influences inventory and design process for upcoming collections. Repeat customers account for 75% of Ruti’s business."}
{"id": "doc4600", "text": "In addition to enhancing its online presence, over the next year, the company plans to expand its current team to support its online and offline growth and grow geographically to meet global customer demand."}
{"id": "doc4601", "text": "“This funding will be used to bring the high-touch experience of our in-store experience to our online store,” said Ruti Zisser, CEO and co-founder of Ruti. “The traditional e-commerce approach might work for high frequency, low-cost items, but when it comes to unique products and truly personal customer relationships, we knew we had to develop a better approach.”"}
{"id": "doc4602", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4603", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4604", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4605", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4606", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4607", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4608", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4609", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4610", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4611", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4612", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4613", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4614", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4615", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4616", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4617", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4618", "text": "Showrooming refers to consumers visiting a brick and mortar retail store to research a product and then looking up its lowest price online, either right there in the store via their smartphone or back home at their computer. This frequently leads to lost sales for the retailer in those cases where they make the purchase elsewhere. Thusly, they turn the retail store into a showroom. 82% of shoppers in the US and UK have used their smartphone to compare prices in-store. It is an increasingly common phenomenon that now has a fancy name.Consumers don’t “showroom.” They buy. How they buy is changing. The real conversation about show- rooming must focus on how retailers can participate in this change, starting with a strong look at the role of the store and how they can deliver a single retail experience across their channels at the point of purchase."}
{"id": "doc4619", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4620", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4621", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4622", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4623", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4624", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4625", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4626", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4627", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4628", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4629", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4630", "text": "To thrive, retailers need to understand their customers as individual consumers. They are applying analytics with real-time technologies to stay ahead of consumer demand, target customers more precisely and drive greater efficiencies throughout the enterprise.The key is to move beyond making decisions that boost short-term sales and instead use technology to fortify the relationship with consumers. This approach creates a brand experience that can be as important, or more so, as the products being sold."}
{"id": "doc4631", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4632", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4633", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4634", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4635", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4636", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4637", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4638", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4639", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4640", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4641", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4642", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4643", "text": "Todays consumer has more shopping options, and more channels of commerce and interaction, than ever before. As a result, the customer experience is changing to incorporate new channels and technologies, and retailers must change to keep pace. This whitepaper examines how customer intelligence tools can be used to personalize the customer experience and drive higher customer satisfaction and conversion rates.Sponsored by:"}
{"id": "doc4644", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4645", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4646", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4647", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc4648", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc4649", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc4650", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc4651", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc4652", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc4653", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc4654", "text": "Walmart is addressing store and supply chain issues as it attempts to prevent coronavirus transmission."}
{"id": "doc4655", "text": "The discount giant is taking several significant steps to minimize the spread of the coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan, China, among its customers and employees. The virus has been confirmed in cases across more than 15 countries globally."}
{"id": "doc4656", "text": "In alignment with official recommendations, Walmart is temporarily limiting all non-business critical travel to, from, and within mainland China, and conducting all planned meetings virtually. The company is placing no additional restrictions on global travel, but is asking all home office employees who have been in China between Jan. 14-31 to work remotely throughout the 14-day incubation period for the virus."}
{"id": "doc4657", "text": "In addition, Walmart is enhancing general hygiene and health practices in its China stores, clubs, depots, and support centers, with special emphasis on disinfecting higher-risk areas. Business hours and operations are being adjusted as needed on an individual basis."}
{"id": "doc4658", "text": "Walmart said it is also leveraging its global supply chain to increase the supply of essential items to continue to serve customers in China. The retailer has donated roughly $140,000 to provide medical supplies and support to China’s Hubei province, which is the region most impacted by coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc4659", "text": "“We will be closely monitoring the situation and will provide updates as we can,” Judith McKenna, CEO of Walmart International, said in a note sent to all global home office employees. “In the meantime, make sure you are taking steps to be conscious of risks, and seek medical attention if you feel unwell.”"}
{"id": "doc4660", "text": "Supply chain disruptions and contamination concerns are two challenges the coronavirus poses to Chinese retailers."}
{"id": "doc4661", "text": "According to a report in eMarketer, small-and-mid-sized brick-and-mortar retailers in China are especially being impacted by store closures and a reduction in foot traffic. While this would seem to create an opportunity for online retailers, virus-related disruptions in supply chain and shipping operations are expected to have a negative effect on Chinese e-commerce."}
{"id": "doc4662", "text": "eMarketer now expects Chinese e-commerce revenue in 2020 to substantially fall short of the $2.328 trillion it forecast in December. Meanwhile, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has said coronavirus will create a drop in first-quarter revenues."}
{"id": "doc4663", "text": "Despite these broad e-commerce issues, online grocery sales in China have substantially increased since late January, when the coronoavirus outbreak was first declared in China’s Wuhan City. Chinese e-commerce retailer JD.com and French hypermarket retailer Carrefour have both reported sizable gains in online food revenues since the virus started rapidly spreading. "}
{"id": "doc4664", "text": "However, “contactless” pickup methods for online food orders, where customers remotely order and then pick up sealed packages of food without human interaction, are becoming popular."}
{"id": "doc4665", "text": "eMarketer also reports emerging Chinese retail trends such as an expected 20% drop in Q1 smartphone sales (compared to an anticipated 5% decline across the globe), as well as the increased use of automated drones and robots to perform e-commerce deliveries."}
{"id": "doc4666", "text": "Read the full article here. "}
{"id": "doc4667", "text": "Many third-party Amazon sellers of grocery and CPG products are reportedly shipping expired goods."}
{"id": "doc4668", "text": "According to CNBC, a recent analysis it had performed on the 100 best-selling food items on the Amazon Marketplace third-party e-commerce platform revealed 40% of the sellers have received at least five customer complaints related to selling products past their expiration date. In one specific example, the analysis found third-party sellers who currently have Starbucks Teavana products that were discontinued in 2017 for sale on Amazon Marketplace."}
{"id": "doc4669", "text": "While Amazon requires third-party sellers to provide an expiration date at least 90 days away for any consumable product sold on its Marketplace platform, effectively tracking millions of grocery and CPG goods for freshness may be difficult. An Amazon representative said that it monitors customer feedback with both human employees and artificial intelligence technology, and that Amazon took action on all expired items CNBC brought to its attention."}
{"id": "doc4670", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc4671", "text": "Supply chain disruptions and contamination concerns are two challenges the coronavirus poses to Chinese retailers."}
{"id": "doc4672", "text": "According to a report in eMarketer, small-and-mid-sized brick-and-mortar retailers in China are especially being impacted by store closures and a reduction in foot traffic. While this would seem to create an opportunity for online retailers, virus-related disruptions in supply chain and shipping operations are expected to have a negative effect on Chinese e-commerce."}
{"id": "doc4673", "text": "eMarketer now expects Chinese e-commerce revenue in 2020 to substantially fall short of the $2.328 trillion it forecast in December. Meanwhile, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has said coronavirus will create a drop in first-quarter revenues."}
{"id": "doc4674", "text": "Despite these broad e-commerce issues, online grocery sales in China have substantially increased since late January, when the coronoavirus outbreak was first declared in China’s Wuhan City. Chinese e-commerce retailer JD.com and French hypermarket retailer Carrefour have both reported sizable gains in online food revenues since the virus started rapidly spreading. "}
{"id": "doc4675", "text": "However, “contactless” pickup methods for online food orders, where customers remotely order and then pick up sealed packages of food without human interaction, are becoming popular."}
{"id": "doc4676", "text": "eMarketer also reports emerging Chinese retail trends such as an expected 20% drop in Q1 smartphone sales (compared to an anticipated 5% decline across the globe), as well as the increased use of automated drones and robots to perform e-commerce deliveries."}
{"id": "doc4677", "text": "Read the full article here. "}
{"id": "doc4678", "text": "Abercrombie & Fitch Co.’s fourth quarter earnings and sales beat Street expectations amid rising demand for its namesake brand.  "}
{"id": "doc4679", "text": "The apparel retailer expects to take a hit of $60 million to $80 million to its fiscal 2020 revenue due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. It expects 2020 sales to be flat to up 2%, reflecting the COVID-19 impact. Analysts were looking for 1.1% growth."}
{"id": "doc4680", "text": "Abercrombie’s net income fell to $83.1 million, or $1.29 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, from $96.9 million, or $1.42 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share came to $1.31, beating analysts’ estimates of $1.23. "}
{"id": "doc4681", "text": "Net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion, also above estimates. Same-store sales rose 1%.   Same-store sales at Abercrombie stores rose 8%, while Hollister same-store sales declined 2%."}
{"id": "doc4682", "text": "“We finished the year on a strong note, with record Black Friday week results contributing to net sales growth and positive comparable sales for the fourth quarter, and for the third consecutive year,” said CEO Fran Horowitz. “Consistent with recent trends, Abercrombie outperformed Hollister and the U.S. outperformed international, which although still lagging registered significant sequential improvement."}
{"id": "doc4683", "text": "For the past couple of years, Abercrombie has closed some flagship locations in favor of opening smaller stores and pop-ups. It has an active remodeling program, updating stores with a more modern look that includes spacious fitting rooms and brighter interiors."}
{"id": "doc4684", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail, commented that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. Its holiday “Do 96 Hours In” campaign, which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in Los Angeles and Brooklyn, showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care staycations, resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand, according to Saunders. "}
{"id": "doc4685", "text": "“In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside,” Saunders said. For more analysis, click here.   For the full year, Abercrombie’s total net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion. Total same-store sales rose 1%. "}
{"id": "doc4686", "text": "“Over the past two years we have delivered a combined 157 new store experiences, reduced gross square footage by 6%, accelerated the rationalization of our flagship fleet and introduced local customer and product-facing teams in the EMEA and APAC regions,” Horowitz said. “We have laid the groundwork, and remain confident in our long-term vision and the global opportunities available to us as we continue to evolve with our customer."}
{"id": "doc4687", "text": "The retailer said that it expects the majority of the impact of the coronavirus to be felt in its first half. It also said the Asia-Pacific region contributed less than 10% of 2019 net sales, with China contributing about half of the regions sales."}
{"id": "doc4688", "text": "Total company manufacturing exposure to China was 22% in fiscal 2019, down from 36% in fiscal 2018, and is planned in the low-teens for fiscal 2020, Abercrombie said in a statement. The company has seen, and expects to continue to see, a direct impact to sales and margin from lost sales in the APAC region and in locations across Europe and North America."}
{"id": "doc4689", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. is the latest company to weigh in on the likely impact of the coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc4690", "text": "In its latest update, Ralph Lauren Corp. said that approximately two thirds of its stores in the Chinese mainland have been temporarily closed during the past week and that it expects broader impact across its businesses in China and parts of Asia due to significantly reduced travel and retail traffic. The company said that its fiscal 2020 sales could be hurt by $55 million to $70 million from the outbreak. Operating income in Asia could take a $35 million to $45 million hit. "}
{"id": "doc4691", "text": "Ralph Lauren said that its estimates could change if there is “meaningful deterioration” from current trends. Also, supply chain disruptions in China could impact a small portion of the company’s fourth quarter orders globally."}
{"id": "doc4692", "text": "“Our dedicated teams are operating with agility in a highly dynamic situation, and we will continue to assess the implications for our business across retail, corporate and our supply base,” said Patrice Louvet, president and CEO, Ralph Lauren. “While the health crisis creates near-term uncertainties, the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we continue to see significant long-term opportunities for growth in China and across Asia.”"}
{"id": "doc4693", "text": "Earlier this week, Under Armour said that it expects first-quarter sales declines of $50 million to $60 million, mostly due to the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc4694", "text": "Walmart is addressing store and supply chain issues as it attempts to prevent coronavirus transmission."}
{"id": "doc4695", "text": "The discount giant is taking several significant steps to minimize the spread of the coronavirus, which originated in Wuhan, China, among its customers and employees. The virus has been confirmed in cases across more than 15 countries globally."}
{"id": "doc4696", "text": "In alignment with official recommendations, Walmart is temporarily limiting all non-business critical travel to, from, and within mainland China, and conducting all planned meetings virtually. The company is placing no additional restrictions on global travel, but is asking all home office employees who have been in China between Jan. 14-31 to work remotely throughout the 14-day incubation period for the virus."}
{"id": "doc4697", "text": "In addition, Walmart is enhancing general hygiene and health practices in its China stores, clubs, depots, and support centers, with special emphasis on disinfecting higher-risk areas. Business hours and operations are being adjusted as needed on an individual basis."}
{"id": "doc4698", "text": "Walmart said it is also leveraging its global supply chain to increase the supply of essential items to continue to serve customers in China. The retailer has donated roughly $140,000 to provide medical supplies and support to China’s Hubei province, which is the region most impacted by coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc4699", "text": "“We will be closely monitoring the situation and will provide updates as we can,” Judith McKenna, CEO of Walmart International, said in a note sent to all global home office employees. “In the meantime, make sure you are taking steps to be conscious of risks, and seek medical attention if you feel unwell.”"}
{"id": "doc4700", "text": "David’s Bridal’s new chief merchant is a Talbots veteran. "}
{"id": "doc4701", "text": "The nations largest bridal retailer appointed Nancy Viall as chief merchandising officer, effective February 4. Viall brings more than 25 years of merchandising and product development experience to Davids Bridal, where she will oversee the companys merchandising, product development and designer licensing strategies. She will serve on the executive leadership team and will report to James Marcum, CEO of Davids Bridal."}
{"id": "doc4702", "text": "Viall comes to Davids Bridal from Avenue Stores, where she was chief merchandising officer. (In August, Avenue announced it was closing https://chainstoreage.com/real-estate/confirmed-avenue-stores-to-close-all-locations all its 222 stores.)"}
{"id": "doc4703", "text": " Prior to joining Avenue in November 2017, Viall spent 20 years at Talbots in roles of increasing seniority, starting as a merchant and rising to senior VP and general merchandise manager. She played an integral role in the launch and expansion of Talbots plus-size concept. Before Talbots, Viall held merchandising positions at Casual Corner and May Department Stores Company."}
{"id": "doc4704", "text": "Nancy is a seasoned retail executive and merchant who is just as passionate about the customer as we are, stated Marcum. She is a magnetic leader who has driven continuous top tier results and has seen significant achievement in rebuilding and repositioning brands. Nancy has a proven track record for delivering results and were thrilled to have her on our team as we continue to grow and build on the success weve established over the past 70 years."}
{"id": "doc4705", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4706", "text": "Target Corp. surprised analysts by reporting sluggish holiday sales that missed the chain’s estimates."}
{"id": "doc4707", "text": "Target’s comparable sales inched up 1.4% in the combined November/December period, compared to growth of 5.7% a year ago. Comparable digital sales increased 19% during the holiday shopping season, driven primarily by the company’s same-day fulfillment services (Order Pick Up, Drive Up and Shipt), which together grew more than 50% from the comparable period last year."}
{"id": "doc4708", "text": "In a statement, Target said that “continued strength in multiple core categories such as apparel, beauty and food and beverages was offset by softer-than-expected performance in key holiday categories, including electronics, toys and portions of its home business, which together account for approximately one-third of the company’s holiday season sales.”"}
{"id": "doc4709", "text": "“We faced challenges throughout November and December in key seasonal merchandise categories and our holiday sales did not meet our expectations,” stated Target CEO Brian Cornell. “Because these categories account for a much higher portion of sales during the holidays, they have a larger impact on our overall sales growth as compared to the rest of the year.”"}
{"id": "doc4710", "text": "(In a separate blog post on Target’s holiday performance, Cornell said that “…we knew this season was going be challenging, it was even more challenging than we expected.”)"}
{"id": "doc4711", "text": "By category, Target’s apparel sales were up about 5% in November and December while beauty sales rose 6% and food and beverages increased 3%. Homes sales for the same period were down roughly 1% while electronics and toys were flat. "}
{"id": "doc4712", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders commented that despite its holiday softness, Target remains on the right trajectory. He noted that the retailer was coming off very strong growth of 5.7% last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. "}
{"id": "doc4713", "text": "Moreover, across most of Target’s assortment, performance continues to be strong, said Saunders, who is managing director of GlobalData Retail. It may have stumbled and slowed over the holidays, but it is still one of the most attractive runners in the retail race.  Click here for more analysis. "}
{"id": "doc4714", "text": "Citing “the durability” of Target’s business model,” Cornell said the company is maintaining its guidance for fourth-quarter earnings."}
{"id": "doc4715", "text": "“Given the relative performance of higher-margin versus lower-margin categories, our fourth-quarter financial results will benefit from a stronger-than-expected gross margin mix in our holiday sales,” he said. “In addition, our fourth-quarter performance will benefit from productivity improvements in our stores and supply chain, as well as meaningfully lower clearance inventory compared with a year ago.”  "}
{"id": "doc4716", "text": "Cornell said that Target also remains on track to deliver historically strong full-year results in 2019, including comparable sales growth of more than 3% and record-high EPS reflecting mid-teens growth compared with last year."}
{"id": "doc4717", "text": "Target now expects fourth-quarter 2019 comparable sales growth in line with the company’s 1.4% performance during the November/December period, compared with the prior range of 3% to 4%. This would translate to full-year comparable sales growth of more than 3%."}
{"id": "doc4718", "text": "The company is maintaining its fourth quarter and full-year EPS guidance, which anticipates fourth-quarter GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $1.55 to $1.75 and Adjusted EPS of $1.54 to $1.74, with full-year GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $6.27 to $6.47 and adjusted EPS of $6.25 to $6.45."}
{"id": "doc4719", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4720", "text": "University of Minnesota students have new opportunities to study cybersecurity."}
{"id": "doc4721", "text": "Target is kicking off a three-year collaboration with the University of Minnesota’s College of Science and Engineering with a $250,000 donation. The goal of the partnership is to build course curriculum and offer hands-on information security experiences, student scholarships, fellowships and grants, and opportunities for students to network with Target cybersecurity experts. "}
{"id": "doc4722", "text": "The joint effort will include a year-long capstone course that will give students hands-on tech experience prior to graduation. The instructor and students will work directly with Target executives to solve a real-world industry problem and develop possible solutions."}
{"id": "doc4723", "text": "Target’s donation also includes funding for seven undergraduate student scholarships at $5,000 each that started with the fall 2019 semester. It will also send computer science-related student groups to conferences, workshops, hackathons and other events."}
{"id": "doc4724", "text": "“Over the next 10 years, it’s predicted that half of all cybersecurity positions in the U.S. will be vacant,” said Rich Agostino, chief information security officer at Target. “As one of the largest employers in the Twin Cities, we know we have a responsibility to help build the cybersecurity talent pipeline. Our team has been working closely with the University of Minnesota on a unique collaboration that not only helps educate the next generation of cybersecurity leaders, but also provides training and leadership opportunities to Target’s team.”"}
{"id": "doc4725", "text": "“We’re grateful to Target for supporting the University in our efforts to build the pipeline of high-tech workers in this state and around the world,” said Mostafa Kaveh, dean of the University of Minnesota College of Science and Engineering. “When industry and academia work together to solve problems, great things can happen. We look forward to collaborating with Target for many years.”"}
{"id": "doc4726", "text": "Target Corp. is bulking up on store staff and omnichannel services for the holidays."}
{"id": "doc4727", "text": "The discount titan is adding nearly $50 million in payroll compared to the 2018 holiday season in an effort to ensure more store associates are available to assist customers during peak hours, such as nights and weekends. Target is also doubling the number of store associates dedicated to fulfillment, including same-day services, so customers can get their orders in as soon as an hour. "}
{"id": "doc4728", "text": "In addition, Target has invested more than 500,000 more hours in training compared to 2018 to ensure its store associates are prepared to deliver customer service during the holiday season. As part of a broader workforce initiative, Target has invested in training, payroll and specialty roles for store associates at its more than 1,800 locations nationwide. The effort has been designed to create specialized roles for its more than 300,000 store associates, who now are assigned to a specific department like beauty or electronics, or service like fulfillment."}
{"id": "doc4729", "text": "Members of the Target Circle loyalty program, which rolled out nationwide on Oct. 6, will receive special holiday perks such as early access to select Black Friday doorbusters, kids daily deals from Nov. 1-Nov. 27, and special deals throughout the season on holiday items including apparel and TVs. Target says that 25 million customers are now enrolled in Target Circle."}
{"id": "doc4730", "text": "On the omnichannel side, for the first time, Target has scaled same-day fulfillment services including drive-up, order pickup, and delivery with Shipt, across the country for the holiday season. New for the holiday shopping period, Shipt is available directly from Target.com and soon will be available directly from the Target app. Shipt same-day delivery is available from 1,500 stores in 48 states."}
{"id": "doc4731", "text": "Target is also making free shipping available to all customers for the holidays, with orders arriving as early as the next day. Beginning Nov. 1, all Target customers can access free shipping on hundreds of thousands of items, with no minimum purchase or membership required. The retailer will offer free shipping through Dec. 21."}
{"id": "doc4732", "text": "In addition, this holiday season, Target will offer a curated assortment of only-at-Target brands such as Hearth & Hand, partnerships with national brands like Disney https://chainstoreage.com/disney-goes-live-target-stores and Levis, and an expanded assortment of more than 10,000 toys in store and online, including exclusives from upcoming Disney films “Frozen 2” and “Star Wars.”"}
{"id": "doc4733", "text": "Other omnichannel holiday offerings include Wondershop, an in-store and online one-stop destination for tree-trimming needs. First introduced in 2016, Wondershop will now feature an option to purchase complete looks with one click on Target.com, enabling customers to get everything they need to trim their trees or new this year, decorate their mantels, delivered to their door."}
{"id": "doc4734", "text": "Targets is also providing a curated assortment of more than 1,500 unique gifts, most available for less than $15, in stores and online beginning the second week of November."}
{"id": "doc4735", "text": "Last year was our most successful holiday in more than a decade, and that momentum has continued with industry-leading results throughout 2019,” said Target CEO Brian Cornell. “Our strategy is paying off, and heading into the holidays, our investments and unmatched focus on service will make it easier for guests to shop on their terms, save and experience the joy of the season. "}
{"id": "doc4736", "text": "Target’s increased focus on building its e-commerce business is paying off. "}
{"id": "doc4737", "text": "The discounter, which used to rank No. 11 in the U.S. in e-commerce sales, is now poised to bypass three competitors to become No. 8, according to a new report from eMarketer. The report shows strong growth for Target’s e-commerce business while that of Qurate Retail Group (owner of HSN and QVC) and Macy’s will decline."}
{"id": "doc4738", "text": "Target’s e-commerce business will jump 24 % in 2020 to $8.34 billion; its share of the total U.S. e-commerce market will grow to 1.2%, according to eMarketer. Target will also inch past Costco this year, with only $10 million in online sales separating the two companies."}
{"id": "doc4739", "text": "Despite Target’s growth, the discounter and the other eight retailers in the top remain far behind Amazon, which is projected to capture 38.7% of U.S. online sales this year, up from 37.3% in 2019.  "}
{"id": "doc4740", "text": "Amazon also is far ahead of its closest competitor, Walmart, which has a 5.3% share. (A list of the top 10 e-commerce retailers is at the end of article.) In total, eMarketer projects that Amazon will capture 4.6% of total retail sales, both online and offline."}
{"id": "doc4741", "text": "“At a time when brick-and-mortar stores are struggling to keep up with the fast-changing retail landscape, Target seems to have hit the bullseye,” eMarketer forecasting analyst Cindy Liu said. “Store renovations and expanding same-day fulfillment options, such as in-store pickup, drive-up and delivery with Shipt, are paying off. Target has found a way to use its stores to fulfill online orders while keeping up with customer demands for convenience and speed.”"}
{"id": "doc4742", "text": "Macys will fall to No.10 and see its e-commerce market share drop to 1.1% from 1.2% in 2019, even though its online business continues to grow. Qurate’s online sales will decline for the second year in a row, dropping out of the top 10 for the first time."}
{"id": "doc4743", "text": "“The softening apparel market is adding pressure to both Qurate and Macy’s, whose main product lines are made up of apparel and fashion,” Liu said. “As these two retailers struggle to meet the demands of consumers and fail to pull in new shoppers, we will see other retailers capitalize on their share declines this year.”"}
{"id": "doc4744", "text": "Other retailers on the top 10 list are also losing share. eBay and Apple will both see their shares of the US e-commerce market drop slightly in 2020. Meanwhile, Amazon’s share will grow to 38.7%."}
{"id": "doc4745", "text": "The digitally native, eco-friendly footwear company that makes women’s shoes out of recycled and sustainable materials has touched down in New York City.  "}
{"id": "doc4746", "text": "Rothy’s has opened its first store in New York City, a 750-sq.-ft. shop on Bleecker Street in Manhattan’s West Village. It’s the brand fourth physical store to date, with existing locations in San Francisco, Boston and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc4747", "text": "“We made the decision to make Bleecker Street our next store because New York is one of our top markets, and we felt it was the right time to establish a physical presence in a community that has so warmly embraced us online,” the company stated. "}
{"id": "doc4748", "text": "Rothy’s took the same design approach to its new brick-and-mortar outpost as it does to its shoes. The interior features clean lines and quality craftsmanship, with a goal of making the customer feel both stylish and comfortable.  "}
{"id": "doc4749", "text": "“Our stores are designed to be product first, allowing shoppers to experience every thoughtful detail that goes into a pair of Rothy’s,” the company said."}
{"id": "doc4750", "text": "At opening, the Bleecker Street location showcases the brand’s entry into a new category — totes and bags— with a smaller assortment of Rothy’s newest shoe collections alongside customer-fave classics. The assortment is designed to provide a holistic view of Rothy’s product offerings, while celebrating its latest launch."}
{"id": "doc4751", "text": "Space prohibits the store from carrying full inventory. But anything not stocked at our Bleecker Street location can be purchased from Rothy’s website with the help of our store associates."}
{"id": "doc4752", "text": "Rothy’s shoes and bags are made from recycled materials, including recycled plastic water bottles. The shoes — all flats, and priced at $125 to $165 — are knitted together, making them extremely comfortable, according to fans. "}
{"id": "doc4753", "text": "Rothy’s recently made its first foray into a new material, sustainably sourced merino wool, with its Merino Collection."}
{"id": "doc4754", "text": "The Body Shop is putting the spotlight on its longstanding green ethos and activist DNA with the North American launch of its newest retail format.  "}
{"id": "doc4755", "text": "The natural beauty brand has transformed its store at CF Pacific Centre, in Vancouver, Canada, into an “activist workshop” that encourages shoppers to explore and recycle products and learn about how to “fight for a fairer and more beautiful world.” It’s the third location for the concept, with one in London and one in Hong Kong. "}
{"id": "doc4756", "text": "The store’s features include a refill station. As part of The Body Shops new refill program, consumers can purchase refillable aluminum bottles and fill them with various shower gels. There is also a water station where shoppers can refill their water bottles. "}
{"id": "doc4757", "text": "The revamped space has been outfitted with sustainable store fixtures such as reclaimed wood and recycled plastics to help minimize its environmental footprint. It utilizes zinc facade cladding, an eco-friendly material that requires less energy production than other metals and can be produced from recycled materials taken from demolished or re-roofed structures. The store also boasts worktop surfaces that are manufactured from 100% recycled material destined for landfill."}
{"id": "doc4758", "text": "In addition, the store features an “activism corner,” a dedicated space where customers can learn about the brands activist roots and campaign for social change around issues ranging from gender equality to fighting cosmetic animal testing. They can also find out how they can get involved and take a stand with The Body Shops global and local collective of fearless activists. "}
{"id": "doc4759", "text": "The Vancouver location will continue its Return. Recycle. Repeat. program. The program, in partnership with Terracycle encourages shoppers to return their empty bottles, jars, tubs, tubes and pots in exchange for a future purchase voucher."}
{"id": "doc4760", "text": "Our newly transformed Pacific Centre location showcases the best of The Body Shops brand values, said Hilary Lloyd VP of Marketing and Corporate Responsibility at The Body Shop. The new Vancouver concept store marks the return to our activism roots. We want our customers to roll up their sleeves and join us in playing with product, recycling, refilling and campaigning for issues that progress equality."}
{"id": "doc4761", "text": "The Body Shop operates about 3,000 retail locations in more than 70 countries. Along with Aesop, Avon and Natura, The Body Shop is part of Natura &Co."}
{"id": "doc4762", "text": "The Body Shop has revamped one of its busiest flagship locations to a new format that harkens back to its pioneering eco-friendly roots and activist spirit."}
{"id": "doc4763", "text": "The store, on Bond St. in central London, has been redone to include features that promote sustainability and encourage activism on the part of customers. It now includes a water station where shoppers can refill their bottles and a product refill station. In addition, shoppers who return empty bottles and containers (from any brand) can earn a Body Shop voucher for every five returned."}
{"id": "doc4764", "text": "Additional features include a dedicated “activism corner” where customers can learn about The Body Shop’s roots and its long history of social activism campaigns. A screen on the wall provides information about the latest campaigns and how customers can get involved."}
{"id": "doc4765", "text": "In keeping with the brand’s green ethos, the renovation was done primarily with materials rescued from landfills and other green materials such as reclaimed steel and recycled wood and plastic.  The façade is outfitted with zinc cladding,   which requires less energy for production than other metals and is produced from recycled materials."}
{"id": "doc4766", "text": "Founded in 1976, The Body Shop was one of the first chain retailers to ban the use of ingredients tested on animals and one of the first to promote fair trade with developing countries. It operates some 3,000 stores in more than 60 countries. Founder Anita Roddick, who died in 2007, was a pioneering social activist in the retail community. In 2006, the brand was sold to beauty giant L’Oreal. In 2017, L’Oreal sold The Body Shop to Brazilian cosmetics company Natura. At the time, LOreal chairman and CEO Jean-Paul Agon said Natura was the best new owner we could imagine to nurture the brand DNA around naturality and ethics.”"}
{"id": "doc4767", "text": "Sainsbury’s has committed itself to having net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 and is making a major long-term investment to achieve its goal. "}
{"id": "doc4768", "text": "The U.K’s Britain’s second largest supermarket company said it would invest 1.0 billion pounds ($1.31 billion) over 20 years to becoming a net zero business across its operations by 2040, which is a decade ahead of the U.K. government’s own target."}
{"id": "doc4769", "text": "Sainsbury’s, which operates some 2,300 stores, said it  will use the investment to implement a series of changes, with a focus on reducing carbon emissions, food waste, plastic packaging and water usage and also increasing recycling, biodiversity and healthy and sustainable eating. "}
{"id": "doc4770", "text": "“Our commitment has always been to help customers live well for less, but we must recognize that living well now also means living sustainably,” stated Mike Coupe, CEO of Sainsbury’s. “We have a duty to the communities we serve to continue to reduce the impact our business has on the environment and we are committing to reduce our own carbon emissions and become net zero by 2040, ten years ahead of the government’s own targets, because 2050 isn’t soon enough. “Over the next 20 years we will…transform the way we do business and put environmental impact at the forefront of every decision we make.”"}
{"id": "doc4771", "text": "Sainsbury’s, which has reduced its carbon emissions  by 35% during the past fifteen years while increasing its business footprint  by over 40%, will work with the Carbon Trust to assess emissions and set science-based targets for reduction, publicly reporting on progress every six months. The targets will align the business with the goal to limit global warming to 1.5°C, in line with the highest ambition of the Paris Agreement. "}
{"id": "doc4772", "text": "Here are some of the core areas that Sainsbury’s will focus on to tackle climate change."}
{"id": "doc4773", "text": "• Reduction in carbon emissions: Sainsbury’s will reduce greenhouse gas emissions within its own operations to net zero, increasing the use of renewable energy while reducing overall energy usage. Fridges will be made as efficient as possible through the use of innovative technology and by increasing the use of natural refrigerants. By the end of 2022, all Sainsbury’s stores will be 100% lit by LED."}
{"id": "doc4774", "text": "Also, the retailer will increasing the percentage of its truck fleet using alternative zero and low carbon fuels to 20% by 2025."}
{"id": "doc4775", "text": "• Lowering water usage: Sainsbury’s will minimize the use of water in its own operations, driving towards being water neutral by 2040. As the first retailer to be certified with the Carbon Trust Water Standard, Sainsbury’s uses 1 billion liters less water annually than in 2005. One hundred and seventy stores are fitted with rainwater harvesting facilities and these are now standard in new stores."}
{"id": "doc4776", "text": "The company will review every aspect of water use in its business, measuring and lowering the amount of water used in bathrooms and will look to recycle water from areas such as ice on fish counters and car washes."}
{"id": "doc4777", "text": "• Use of plastic: Sainsbury’s will halve plastic packaging by 2025 and then go further, being the first U.K. supermarket to make a commitment of this scale. "}
{"id": "doc4778", "text": "By the end of 2020, dark colored, hard-to-recycle plastic and polystyrene packaging from Sainsbury’s own brands will be replaced with recyclable alternatives.  Also, where possible, plastic film on fruit and vegetables will be replaced or removed. For spring summer 2020 the transit packaging on the chain’s “Home Cookshop” delivery will be removed and replaced by paper, removing 662 tons of plastic."}
{"id": "doc4779", "text": "• Recycling: Sainsbury’s will increase the use of recycling in its own operations and make it easier for customers and colleagues to recycle. The retailer will recycle more operational waste and continue to expand and provide facilities to help customers recycle unwanted clothing, metal cans, glass, paper, batteries and other materials."}
{"id": "doc4780", "text": "• Tackling food waste: Sainsbury’s is committed to reducing food waste by 50% by 2030. It has developed innovative packaging and clearer labelling to increase the shelf life of products and let customers know how long they can enjoy them for, meaning less food goes to waste."}
{"id": "doc4781", "text": "Sainsbury’s, which has sent no food to landfill since 2013, has 2,093 food donation programs in place across supermarkets and convenience stores, ensuring that 87% of its stores redistribute food to good causes locally."}
{"id": "doc4782", "text": "Click here for more on Sainsbury’s sustainable initiatives."}
{"id": "doc4783", "text": "The Body Shop has revamped one of its busiest flagship locations to a new format that harkens back to its pioneering eco-friendly roots and activist spirit."}
{"id": "doc4784", "text": "The store, on Bond St. in central London, has been redone to include features that promote sustainability and encourage activism on the part of customers. It now includes a water station where shoppers can refill their bottles and a product refill station. In addition, shoppers who return empty bottles and containers (from any brand) can earn a Body Shop voucher for every five returned."}
{"id": "doc4785", "text": "Additional features include a dedicated “activism corner” where customers can learn about The Body Shop’s roots and its long history of social activism campaigns. A screen on the wall provides information about the latest campaigns and how customers can get involved."}
{"id": "doc4786", "text": "In keeping with the brand’s green ethos, the renovation was done primarily with materials rescued from landfills and other green materials such as reclaimed steel and recycled wood and plastic.  The façade is outfitted with zinc cladding,   which requires less energy for production than other metals and is produced from recycled materials."}
{"id": "doc4787", "text": "Founded in 1976, The Body Shop was one of the first chain retailers to ban the use of ingredients tested on animals and one of the first to promote fair trade with developing countries. It operates some 3,000 stores in more than 60 countries. Founder Anita Roddick, who died in 2007, was a pioneering social activist in the retail community. In 2006, the brand was sold to beauty giant L’Oreal. In 2017, L’Oreal sold The Body Shop to Brazilian cosmetics company Natura. At the time, LOreal chairman and CEO Jean-Paul Agon said Natura was the best new owner we could imagine to nurture the brand DNA around naturality and ethics.”"}
{"id": "doc4788", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliances is putting the spotlight on its global sustainability initiatives including progress in energy efficiency.  "}
{"id": "doc4789", "text": "The company’s 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Report details its work around the world to improve healthcare access, offer support programs for patients with cancer and reduce its carbon footprint. "}
{"id": "doc4790", "text": "“Our purpose at WBA is to help people live healthier and happier lives,” said Ornella Barra, WBA’s co-COO and the chairman of the company’s corporate social responsibility committee. “Everyone deserves the opportunity to fulfill his or her potential, regardless of where one lives. That’s why we mobilize our incredible employees and invest resources in issues that impact our patients, customers and society."}
{"id": "doc4791", "text": "Some of the highlights with regards to energy-efficiency progress in the U.S. Walgreens division include:"}
{"id": "doc4792", "text": "• Investments in fiscal 2019 included $146 million in HVAC units and LED interior lighting retrofits across nearly 2,000 stores, with energy-saving per store of 45% to 50%;"}
{"id": "doc4793", "text": "• Recognition by the Department of Energy Advanced Roof Top Unit (RTU) Campaign for achieving the greatest number of high-efficiency RTU installations and advanced RTU control retrofits for a large portfolio owner. The company installed more than 4,300 RTUs with high-efficiency units and controls, for an annual energy savings of 39M+ kWh;"}
{"id": "doc4794", "text": "• Ongoing installation of wireless lighting control systems in its stores, with the systems providing an additional 25% reduction in energy use; and"}
{"id": "doc4795", "text": "• Ongoing replacement of refrigeration equipment with installations that use lower GWP refrigerants. Across Walgreens stores, all new immediate-consumption refrigerators, which are smaller beverage units near check-out counters, use natural refrigerants. (The commercial market in the U.S. presents challenges in regard to conversion of walk-in refrigerated cases to ultra-low GWP refrigerants.)"}
{"id": "doc4796", "text": "Waste ManagementWalgreens brought the zero-waste to landfill program to its corporate campus in Deerfield, Ill., following a waste stream audit by recycling consulting firm the Astor Company. The program involves single-stream recycling plus cardboard recovery, a six-fold increase in recycling containers with improved signage, employee education about the program and food waste composting from cafeterias. "}
{"id": "doc4797", "text": "Learnings from the corporate campus and the distribution centers will be used to expand recycling at Walgreens stores, where the bulk of the business’s waste is generated. Walgreens has begun to develop zero waste to landfill pilot programs for stores and is testing ways to simplify preparation of cardboard for pickup and to collaborate with other businesses to contract recycling vendors. "}
{"id": "doc4798", "text": "In addition, as part of its HVAC and LED upgrades, Walgreens required that all materials from the retrofits, including refrigerants and copper, be recycled. In the case of HVAC equipment, this required developing an engineering procedure for contractors to follow to ensure materials were properly handled so that energy efficiency improvements did not undermine waste reduction efforts, the company explained. "}
{"id": "doc4799", "text": "In initiatives outside of the U.S., the report highlights Boots’ new eco-friendly store in the Covent Garden section of London, which opened last summer. The 28,524-sq.-ft. store is of the first Boots UK outlets to offer new brown (or unbleached) paper carrier bags made from 100% recycled paper, alongside reducing plastics in beauty and household as well as water bottles."}
{"id": "doc4800", "text": "The new Boots features a refill station for personal care products such as shampoos, hand wash and body wash, and a “rehydration station” where shoppers can fill their water bottles for free or buy a ‘bottle for life’ and refill it in-store. The store also prioritizes environmentally-friendly products, eco-beauty tools vegan products. "}
{"id": "doc4801", "text": "“In building the Covent Garden store, we wanted to design the Boots retail experience of the future, one built with sustainability front of mind,” said Sebastian James, managing director of Boots UK and Republic of Ireland. “As a global business, we view sustainability holistically, from our supply chain to the in-store experience we deliver for customers. It’s all connected to our desire to operate as a responsible and best-in-class company.”"}
{"id": "doc4802", "text": "The digitally native, eco-friendly footwear company that makes women’s shoes out of recycled and sustainable materials has touched down in New York City.  "}
{"id": "doc4803", "text": "Rothy’s has opened its first store in New York City, a 750-sq.-ft. shop on Bleecker Street in Manhattan’s West Village. It’s the brand fourth physical store to date, with existing locations in San Francisco, Boston and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc4804", "text": "“We made the decision to make Bleecker Street our next store because New York is one of our top markets, and we felt it was the right time to establish a physical presence in a community that has so warmly embraced us online,” the company stated. "}
{"id": "doc4805", "text": "Rothy’s took the same design approach to its new brick-and-mortar outpost as it does to its shoes. The interior features clean lines and quality craftsmanship, with a goal of making the customer feel both stylish and comfortable.  "}
{"id": "doc4806", "text": "“Our stores are designed to be product first, allowing shoppers to experience every thoughtful detail that goes into a pair of Rothy’s,” the company said."}
{"id": "doc4807", "text": "At opening, the Bleecker Street location showcases the brand’s entry into a new category — totes and bags— with a smaller assortment of Rothy’s newest shoe collections alongside customer-fave classics. The assortment is designed to provide a holistic view of Rothy’s product offerings, while celebrating its latest launch."}
{"id": "doc4808", "text": "Space prohibits the store from carrying full inventory. But anything not stocked at our Bleecker Street location can be purchased from Rothy’s website with the help of our store associates."}
{"id": "doc4809", "text": "Rothy’s shoes and bags are made from recycled materials, including recycled plastic water bottles. The shoes — all flats, and priced at $125 to $165 — are knitted together, making them extremely comfortable, according to fans. "}
{"id": "doc4810", "text": "Rothy’s recently made its first foray into a new material, sustainably sourced merino wool, with its Merino Collection."}
{"id": "doc4811", "text": "H&M has a “smart” new way to encourage shoppers to recycle their unwanted clothing."}
{"id": "doc4812", "text": "H&M is using innovation to jump-start its garment recycling service. The retailer, which launched the initiative globally in 2013, accepts any brand of unwanted clothes across all of its stores. Donations are either reused in new collections, recycled into textile fibers and applied to new materials or products beyond apparel, or are sold as second-hand merchandise, according to the company’s website."}
{"id": "doc4813", "text": "The fast-fashion retailer is now raising the bar on this initiative with the introduction of “smart” recycling bins that not only accept donations, but also offer customers a new, engaging experience. "}
{"id": "doc4814", "text": "The new bins, which debuted on Jan. 12 at H&M’s flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City, house a digital scale and feature integrated digital screens. As shoppers deposit their bag of unwanted clothing into the bin, the integrated scale tallies the donation. In real-time, the digital screen displays the weight of the donation, along with a message thanking shoppers for “making a difference.” "}
{"id": "doc4815", "text": "The screen then displays a QR code that customers can scan for a 15% discount coupon that can be used on a future purchase in-store or online. The code also directs shoppers to a website outlining H&M’s sustainability efforts and goals, as well as how their donations make a difference. For example, for every 50 lbs. of donated clothing, H&M plants a tree through its not-for-profit partner, One Tree Planted. The fast-fashion retailer has a goal of collecting 5 million lbs. of apparel and plant 100,000 trees by the end of 2020, according to the company."}
{"id": "doc4816", "text": "“This project quantifies the [sustainability] impact our customers are having in real-time,” Alex Bilbao, business development project manager, North America, H&M, told Chain Store Age. "}
{"id": "doc4817", "text": "Two smart collection boxes are positioned at the cash wraps in the Fifth Avenue store’s women’s and men’s departments. H&M plans to add two high-tech bins to flagship stores located in Miami, Atlanta, Houston, Washington, D.C., Chicago, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. By the end of 2020, there will be 16 bins available across all eight locations."}
{"id": "doc4818", "text": "H&M will expand the initiative to stores overseas in 2021, Bilbao reported."}
{"id": "doc4819", "text": "To learn how other retailers are adopting innovations, redefining store spaces, and repurposing square footage to drive customer convenience, register for SPECS 2020, March 15-17, at the Gaylord Texan in Dallas. Click here to register."}
{"id": "doc4820", "text": "Dollar General Corp. has expanded its national footprint to 45 states."}
{"id": "doc4821", "text": "The discounter has opened a store in Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, its first in the state. In September 2019, Dollar General announced plans to expand its presence into Washington and Wyoming. Grand opening celebrations for stores in Washington are currently scheduled for early spring 2020."}
{"id": "doc4822", "text": "In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020. The company operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4823", "text": "Against a backdrop of a more difficult demand environment and the challenge of cost increases, including tariffs, it would have been reasonable for Dollar General’s results to have softened."}
{"id": "doc4824", "text": "However, the company has bucked these negative trends to post very solid increases on both the top and bottom lines. In our view, this underlines how well Dollar General is managed and the fact it continues to expand its reach in terms of both customer segments and the geographies it serves."}
{"id": "doc4825", "text": "On the sales line, total revenue increased by 8.9%. Comparable sales rose by 4.6%, the best rate of growth in almost five years. The good same-store numbers were driven by the combined effect of an increase in store traffic and higher average transaction values. We continue to see an increase in the proportion of middle and higher income consumers using Dollar General for everyday essentials, mainly on the basis that the stores are convenient. The fact that Dollar General has opened in some more affluent locations, especially in rural areas, has also helped to drive this trend."}
{"id": "doc4826", "text": "Although the consumer economy remains strong, our data show that consumer confidence has deteriorated over recent months, and this trend has been especially pronounced among lower-middle and lower income segments. This dynamic has been helpful for Dollar General as it pushed up both the company’s share of shoppers in these groups and the frequency with which they visit."}
{"id": "doc4827", "text": "Indeed, our data shows a small net transfer of share from mainstream grocers and mass merchants to Dollar General in several categories, including basic foods and household essentials. The money-saving mindset is likely to strengthen into 2020 which will help Dollar General as it starts to lap some tough numbers next year."}
{"id": "doc4828", "text": "While basics and everyday products remain the mainstay of Dollar General’s success, the various enhancements it has made to categories like beauty and seasonal have also paid off. In cosmetics, the relatively new Believe brand – which offers products for under $5 – has proven a big hit among all shopper segments and has helped to increase average transaction values. Dollar General is hoping to replicate this success in other areas of beauty and personal care, including baby where it has recently rebranded products with a new Gentle Steps identity. "}
{"id": "doc4829", "text": "These measures are part of a wider effort to build a stronger portfolio of private brands which provide differentiation, offer great value for money to the consumer, and are margin enhancing for Dollar General. In our view, the effort put into areas like packaging and formulation also mean that private labels are helping to shift perceptions of Dollar General so that it is seen as offering good value for money rather than simply being cheap."}
{"id": "doc4830", "text": "Our seasonal tracking data indicates that Dollar General is likely to do well over the holiday period. The proportion of shoppers looking to buy small gifts, wrapping paper, and holiday decorations and décor have all increased over last year. Some of this is down to store expansion, which means Dollar General now serves a larger audience, but much is also down to improved offers and merchandising in shops."}
{"id": "doc4831", "text": "Dollar General’s success on the top line is helping to boost the bottom line numbers where net income increased by 9.4% over last year. This is a solid result which demonstrates that Dollar General is successfully managing the challenge of tariffs through a combination of expense management, volume expansion, and driving a higher proportion of own-brand sales. Overall, we believe this bodes well for 2020 and means Dollar General will retain its edge compared to rivals."}
{"id": "doc4832", "text": "Neil Saunders is managing director, GlobalData Retail"}
{"id": "doc4833", "text": "Dollar General Corp. on Thursday reported its best quarterly same-store sales rise in nearly five years along with increases on both its top and bottom lines.  "}
{"id": "doc4834", "text": "The discount giant also announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020, up from 975 in 2019. It also will undertake 1,500 mature store remodels and 80 store relocations."}
{"id": "doc4835", "text": "We are excited to accelerate our real estate growth plans in 2020,” said Todd Vasos, CEO, Dollar General. “The sustained positive results we are seeing from our portfolio of real estate projects further validates our belief that our ongoing investment in high-return real estate projects, along with our strategic initiatives, is the best use of our capital as we look to continue delivering long-term shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc4836", "text": "Net income totaled $365.6 million for the quarter ended Nov. 1, compared to $334.1 million the year-ago period.  Earnings per share increased 12.7% to $1.42, topping analysts estimates of $1.38."}
{"id": "doc4837", "text": "Net sales increased 8.9% to $6.99  billion, beating estimates of $6.92 billion. Same-store sales increased 4.6%, driven by increases in both average transaction amount and customer traffic. The company cited growth in the consumables, seasonal, home, and apparel categories."}
{"id": "doc4838", "text": "“The quarter was highlighted by our best customer traffic and same-store sales increases in nearly five years, as well as double-digit growth in both operating profit and diluted EPS,” said Vasos. “We continue to execute well on many fronts, while maintaining our focus on delivering value and convenience for our customers. As a result of our performance through the first three quarters of 2019 and outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our full-year financial guidance as we work to finish a strong year.”"}
{"id": "doc4839", "text": "The company updated its financial guidance, which includes the anticipated impact of previously implemented tariff rates on certain products imported from China, and the additional tariffs expected to become effective on December 15, 2019. It noted that its forecast assumes that it can successfully mitigate, absorb, or otherwise offset the impact of these tariffs."}
{"id": "doc4840", "text": "For fiscal year 2019, Dollar General now expects the following:"}
{"id": "doc4841", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that Dollar General’s solid bottom line show that the chain is “successfully managing the challenge of tariffs through a combination of expense management, volume expansion, and driving a higher proportion of own-brand sales.”"}
{"id": "doc4842", "text": "Overall, we believe this bodes well for 2020 and means Dollar General will retain its edge compared to rivals,” he said."}
{"id": "doc4843", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4844", "text": "Dollar General Corp. has expanded its national footprint to 45 states."}
{"id": "doc4845", "text": "The discounter has opened a store in Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, its first in the state. In September 2019, Dollar General announced plans to expand its presence into Washington and Wyoming. Grand opening celebrations for stores in Washington are currently scheduled for early spring 2020."}
{"id": "doc4846", "text": "In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020. The company operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4847", "text": "Dollar General is looking to hire thousands of new employees."}
{"id": "doc4848", "text": "The discounter said it plans to create more than 8,000 new career opportunities in fiscal year 2020 through anticipated store and distribution center growth. In the past five years, Dollar General’s workforce has grown from 105,000 employees (February 2015) to more than 143,000 current employees"}
{"id": "doc4849", "text": "Dollar General operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc4850", "text": "“Candidates who join Dollar General can find numerous opportunities to begin or develop their career, demonstrated by the fact approximately 12,000 current store managers and tens of thousands of additional employees have been promoted from within,” said Kathy Reardon, Dollar General’s senior VP and chief people officer. “We are also proud to provide employees with a culture rooted in our mission of Serving Others, world-class training and development programs that support our employees’ career growth and a continual commitment to recruit, train and develop top talent to best serve our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc4851", "text": "Against a backdrop of a more difficult demand environment and the challenge of cost increases, including tariffs, it would have been reasonable for Dollar General’s results to have softened."}
{"id": "doc4852", "text": "However, the company has bucked these negative trends to post very solid increases on both the top and bottom lines. In our view, this underlines how well Dollar General is managed and the fact it continues to expand its reach in terms of both customer segments and the geographies it serves."}
{"id": "doc4853", "text": "On the sales line, total revenue increased by 8.9%. Comparable sales rose by 4.6%, the best rate of growth in almost five years. The good same-store numbers were driven by the combined effect of an increase in store traffic and higher average transaction values. We continue to see an increase in the proportion of middle and higher income consumers using Dollar General for everyday essentials, mainly on the basis that the stores are convenient. The fact that Dollar General has opened in some more affluent locations, especially in rural areas, has also helped to drive this trend."}
{"id": "doc4854", "text": "Although the consumer economy remains strong, our data show that consumer confidence has deteriorated over recent months, and this trend has been especially pronounced among lower-middle and lower income segments. This dynamic has been helpful for Dollar General as it pushed up both the company’s share of shoppers in these groups and the frequency with which they visit."}
{"id": "doc4855", "text": "Indeed, our data shows a small net transfer of share from mainstream grocers and mass merchants to Dollar General in several categories, including basic foods and household essentials. The money-saving mindset is likely to strengthen into 2020 which will help Dollar General as it starts to lap some tough numbers next year."}
{"id": "doc4856", "text": "While basics and everyday products remain the mainstay of Dollar General’s success, the various enhancements it has made to categories like beauty and seasonal have also paid off. In cosmetics, the relatively new Believe brand – which offers products for under $5 – has proven a big hit among all shopper segments and has helped to increase average transaction values. Dollar General is hoping to replicate this success in other areas of beauty and personal care, including baby where it has recently rebranded products with a new Gentle Steps identity. "}
{"id": "doc4857", "text": "These measures are part of a wider effort to build a stronger portfolio of private brands which provide differentiation, offer great value for money to the consumer, and are margin enhancing for Dollar General. In our view, the effort put into areas like packaging and formulation also mean that private labels are helping to shift perceptions of Dollar General so that it is seen as offering good value for money rather than simply being cheap."}
{"id": "doc4858", "text": "Our seasonal tracking data indicates that Dollar General is likely to do well over the holiday period. The proportion of shoppers looking to buy small gifts, wrapping paper, and holiday decorations and décor have all increased over last year. Some of this is down to store expansion, which means Dollar General now serves a larger audience, but much is also down to improved offers and merchandising in shops."}
{"id": "doc4859", "text": "Dollar General’s success on the top line is helping to boost the bottom line numbers where net income increased by 9.4% over last year. This is a solid result which demonstrates that Dollar General is successfully managing the challenge of tariffs through a combination of expense management, volume expansion, and driving a higher proportion of own-brand sales. Overall, we believe this bodes well for 2020 and means Dollar General will retain its edge compared to rivals."}
{"id": "doc4860", "text": "Neil Saunders is managing director, GlobalData Retail"}
{"id": "doc4861", "text": "Dollar Tree warned that its fourth-quarter earnings will take a hit due to the ongoing trade war between the U.S. and China."}
{"id": "doc4862", "text": "The discounter on Tuesday said that tariffs imposed on Chinese imports will add $19 million, or 6 cents per share, to its costs of goods for the fourth quarter of 2019. (Abercrombie & Fitch on Tuesday said it expects tariffs to impact its holiday quarter earnings as well."}
{"id": "doc4863", "text": "Dollar Tree also reported that its net income fell to $255.8 million, or $1.08 a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, down from $281.8 million, or $1.18 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings per share of $1.13"}
{"id": "doc4864", "text": "Sales rose 3.7% to $5.75 billion, just topping estimates of $5.74 billion. Same-store sales rose 2.5%. "}
{"id": "doc4865", "text": "Dollar Tree said it has completed more than 1,150 Family Dollar renovations to its updated format and nearly 200 Dollar Tree re-banners year to date. It also launched a Dollar TreePlus! test this year."}
{"id": "doc4866", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 has been a unique year as the result of several factors: the material acceleration in our Family Dollar store optimization initiatives, the consolidation of our two store support centers into southeast Virginia, the global helium shortage, and the continued uncertainty regarding trade and the related tariffs,” said Gary Philbin, president and CEO."}
{"id": "doc4867", "text": "The company’s revised fourth-quarter outlook, which now includes the impact of tariffs, forecasts earnings per share in a range between $1.70 and $1.80, below analysts expectations of $2.02. Fourth-quarter sales are expected to fall in the range of $6.33 billion to $6.44 billion. Analysts are expecting sales of $6.41 billion. "}
{"id": "doc4868", "text": "Dollar Tree cut its fiscal year earnings outlook to $4.66 to $4.76 per share, compared to its prior forecast of $4.90 to $5.11. The company said the new estimate includes 28 cents in discrete cost adjustments and 5 cents in store closure costs. "}
{"id": "doc4869", "text": "Dollar Tree operated 15,262 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces as of November 2, 2019."}
{"id": "doc4870", "text": "Dollar Tree Inc. has promoted three C-level executives and the president of its Family Dollar brand is leaving."}
{"id": "doc4871", "text": "These changes, effective immediately, follow the recently completed consolidation of the organization’s two store support centers to the company’s corporate office in Chesapeake, Va., and are intended to improve operational performance at the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments."}
{"id": "doc4872", "text": "Duncan Mac Naughton, president of Family Dollar, is leaving the company for unspecified reasons. He joined Family Dollar as president and COO in January 2017."}
{"id": "doc4873", "text": "“On behalf of our company, I want to thank Duncan for his efforts in leading the Family Dollar team,” said Gary Philbin, CEO of Dollar Tree. “We wish him the best in his future endeavors.”"}
{"id": "doc4874", "text": "Michael A. Witynski has been promoted to enterprise president of Dollar Tree Inc. and will lead the merchandising, store operations, and supply chain functions for the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments. His principal focus will be on improving enterprise-wide operational efficiency and reducing distribution costs across both store brands. Witynski, 56, has been president and COO of Dollar Tree Stores since June 2017 and will continue to report to Gary Philbin. "}
{"id": "doc4875", "text": "Richard L. McNeely has been promoted to chief merchandising officer of Dollar Tree Inc., and will lead the merchandising, marketing, and global sourcing functions for the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments. His primary focus will be on improving enterprise-wide merchandising margins while improving value for the customer. McNeely, 60, has been chief merchandising officer of Dollar Tree Stores since May 2017 and reports to Witynski."}
{"id": "doc4876", "text": "Thomas R. O’Boyle Jr. has been promoted to COO of Dollar Tree Inc., and will lead the store operations and real estate functions for the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments. Among other things, he will be focused on optimizing real estate, improving customer experience, and addressing recent issues around inventory shrink. O’Boyle, 50, has served as COO of Family Dollar since October 2017 and will report to Witynski."}
{"id": "doc4877", "text": "“These and other actions we are taking are designed to increase enterprise-wide focus and accountability,” said Philbin. “With Mike, Rick and Tom, we will have our senior-most talent working together across the platform with more urgency to move the needle on metrics that will help us deliver greater value for our shareholders and customers.”"}
{"id": "doc4878", "text": "Dollar Tree recently missed analyst projections on quarterly net earnings, blaming the impact of tariffs imposed on Chinese imports. Sales beat analyst estimates."}
{"id": "doc4879", "text": "Dollar Tree operated 15,262 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces as of Nov. 2, 2019. Stores operate under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada. "}
{"id": "doc4880", "text": "Dollar General Corp. on Thursday reported its best quarterly same-store sales rise in nearly five years along with increases on both its top and bottom lines.  "}
{"id": "doc4881", "text": "The discount giant also announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020, up from 975 in 2019. It also will undertake 1,500 mature store remodels and 80 store relocations."}
{"id": "doc4882", "text": "We are excited to accelerate our real estate growth plans in 2020,” said Todd Vasos, CEO, Dollar General. “The sustained positive results we are seeing from our portfolio of real estate projects further validates our belief that our ongoing investment in high-return real estate projects, along with our strategic initiatives, is the best use of our capital as we look to continue delivering long-term shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc4883", "text": "Net income totaled $365.6 million for the quarter ended Nov. 1, compared to $334.1 million the year-ago period.  Earnings per share increased 12.7% to $1.42, topping analysts estimates of $1.38."}
{"id": "doc4884", "text": "Net sales increased 8.9% to $6.99  billion, beating estimates of $6.92 billion. Same-store sales increased 4.6%, driven by increases in both average transaction amount and customer traffic. The company cited growth in the consumables, seasonal, home, and apparel categories."}
{"id": "doc4885", "text": "“The quarter was highlighted by our best customer traffic and same-store sales increases in nearly five years, as well as double-digit growth in both operating profit and diluted EPS,” said Vasos. “We continue to execute well on many fronts, while maintaining our focus on delivering value and convenience for our customers. As a result of our performance through the first three quarters of 2019 and outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our full-year financial guidance as we work to finish a strong year.”"}
{"id": "doc4886", "text": "The company updated its financial guidance, which includes the anticipated impact of previously implemented tariff rates on certain products imported from China, and the additional tariffs expected to become effective on December 15, 2019. It noted that its forecast assumes that it can successfully mitigate, absorb, or otherwise offset the impact of these tariffs."}
{"id": "doc4887", "text": "For fiscal year 2019, Dollar General now expects the following:"}
{"id": "doc4888", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that Dollar General’s solid bottom line show that the chain is “successfully managing the challenge of tariffs through a combination of expense management, volume expansion, and driving a higher proportion of own-brand sales.”"}
{"id": "doc4889", "text": "Overall, we believe this bodes well for 2020 and means Dollar General will retain its edge compared to rivals,” he said."}
{"id": "doc4890", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4891", "text": "Dollar Tree reported fourth-quarter earnings that topped expectations as the discounter continues to upgrade its Family Dollar portfolio and launches a new initiative."}
{"id": "doc4892", "text": "The retailer said that it will renovate about 1,250 Family Dollar stores to its “H2” format in fiscal 2020. The format features improved merchandise offerings, including Dollar Tree $1 merchandise sections, an expanded party assortment and an expanded number of freezer and cooler doors. In addition, the company will launch its multi-price Dollar TreePlus! 2.0 initiative. It piloted the initial concept in 2019. "}
{"id": "doc4893", "text": "Dollar Tree’s net income totaled $123.0 million, or 52 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared to a loss of $2.31 billion, or $9.69 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.79, ahead of Street estimates for $1.76. "}
{"id": "doc4894", "text": "Sales rose 1.8% to $6.32 billion from $6.21 billion last year. Analysts had forecast sales of $6.39 billion. "}
{"id": "doc4895", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 0.4%. Same-store sales at Dollar Tree rose 1.5% and fell 0.8% at Family Dollar."}
{"id": "doc4896", "text": "In a statement, CEO Gary Philbin said that Dollar Tree’s and Family Dollar’s support functions were now working together in one location under one leadership team, which the company expects will build greater collaboration and efficiencies. "}
{"id": "doc4897", "text": "“Fiscal 2019 was a very important year for our organization to further develop the foundation to grow and improve our business,” Philbin said. "}
{"id": "doc4898", "text": "For the full year, Dollar Tree’s net sales increased 3.5% to $23.61 billion. Enterprise same-store sales increased 1.8%. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree segment increased 2.3% (or 2.2% when adjusted to include the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations). Same-store sales for Family Dollar increased 1.4%."}
{"id": "doc4899", "text": "The company’s fiscal 2020 outlook includes an estimated incremental impact of $47 million related to tariffs, with nearly all of it being incurred in the first half of the year. "}
{"id": "doc4900", "text": "Additionally, the outlook includes an estimated impact of $15 million related to the new clean fuel regulations for ocean shipping. The outlook does not include any potential impact related to the supply chain or other aspects of the company’s business for the COVID-19 coronavirus."}
{"id": "doc4901", "text": "“As we enter 2020, our teams are aligned, energized and focused,” Philbin stated. “While our first quarter outlook includes expected pressure from the incremental tariffs and promotional activity, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver improved sales, operating margin and earnings in the following three quarters and for full-year fiscal 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc4902", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, Dollar Tree operates 15,288 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada."}
{"id": "doc4903", "text": "Dollar General Corp. on Thursday reported its best quarterly same-store sales rise in nearly five years along with increases on both its top and bottom lines.  "}
{"id": "doc4904", "text": "The discount giant also announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020, up from 975 in 2019. It also will undertake 1,500 mature store remodels and 80 store relocations."}
{"id": "doc4905", "text": "We are excited to accelerate our real estate growth plans in 2020,” said Todd Vasos, CEO, Dollar General. “The sustained positive results we are seeing from our portfolio of real estate projects further validates our belief that our ongoing investment in high-return real estate projects, along with our strategic initiatives, is the best use of our capital as we look to continue delivering long-term shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc4906", "text": "Net income totaled $365.6 million for the quarter ended Nov. 1, compared to $334.1 million the year-ago period.  Earnings per share increased 12.7% to $1.42, topping analysts estimates of $1.38."}
{"id": "doc4907", "text": "Net sales increased 8.9% to $6.99  billion, beating estimates of $6.92 billion. Same-store sales increased 4.6%, driven by increases in both average transaction amount and customer traffic. The company cited growth in the consumables, seasonal, home, and apparel categories."}
{"id": "doc4908", "text": "“The quarter was highlighted by our best customer traffic and same-store sales increases in nearly five years, as well as double-digit growth in both operating profit and diluted EPS,” said Vasos. “We continue to execute well on many fronts, while maintaining our focus on delivering value and convenience for our customers. As a result of our performance through the first three quarters of 2019 and outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our full-year financial guidance as we work to finish a strong year.”"}
{"id": "doc4909", "text": "The company updated its financial guidance, which includes the anticipated impact of previously implemented tariff rates on certain products imported from China, and the additional tariffs expected to become effective on December 15, 2019. It noted that its forecast assumes that it can successfully mitigate, absorb, or otherwise offset the impact of these tariffs."}
{"id": "doc4910", "text": "For fiscal year 2019, Dollar General now expects the following:"}
{"id": "doc4911", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that Dollar General’s solid bottom line show that the chain is “successfully managing the challenge of tariffs through a combination of expense management, volume expansion, and driving a higher proportion of own-brand sales.”"}
{"id": "doc4912", "text": "Overall, we believe this bodes well for 2020 and means Dollar General will retain its edge compared to rivals,” he said."}
{"id": "doc4913", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4914", "text": "Dollar Tree Inc. has promoted three C-level executives and the president of its Family Dollar brand is leaving."}
{"id": "doc4915", "text": "These changes, effective immediately, follow the recently completed consolidation of the organization’s two store support centers to the company’s corporate office in Chesapeake, Va., and are intended to improve operational performance at the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments."}
{"id": "doc4916", "text": "Duncan Mac Naughton, president of Family Dollar, is leaving the company for unspecified reasons. He joined Family Dollar as president and COO in January 2017."}
{"id": "doc4917", "text": "“On behalf of our company, I want to thank Duncan for his efforts in leading the Family Dollar team,” said Gary Philbin, CEO of Dollar Tree. “We wish him the best in his future endeavors.”"}
{"id": "doc4918", "text": "Michael A. Witynski has been promoted to enterprise president of Dollar Tree Inc. and will lead the merchandising, store operations, and supply chain functions for the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments. His principal focus will be on improving enterprise-wide operational efficiency and reducing distribution costs across both store brands. Witynski, 56, has been president and COO of Dollar Tree Stores since June 2017 and will continue to report to Gary Philbin. "}
{"id": "doc4919", "text": "Richard L. McNeely has been promoted to chief merchandising officer of Dollar Tree Inc., and will lead the merchandising, marketing, and global sourcing functions for the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments. His primary focus will be on improving enterprise-wide merchandising margins while improving value for the customer. McNeely, 60, has been chief merchandising officer of Dollar Tree Stores since May 2017 and reports to Witynski."}
{"id": "doc4920", "text": "Thomas R. O’Boyle Jr. has been promoted to COO of Dollar Tree Inc., and will lead the store operations and real estate functions for the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar business segments. Among other things, he will be focused on optimizing real estate, improving customer experience, and addressing recent issues around inventory shrink. O’Boyle, 50, has served as COO of Family Dollar since October 2017 and will report to Witynski."}
{"id": "doc4921", "text": "“These and other actions we are taking are designed to increase enterprise-wide focus and accountability,” said Philbin. “With Mike, Rick and Tom, we will have our senior-most talent working together across the platform with more urgency to move the needle on metrics that will help us deliver greater value for our shareholders and customers.”"}
{"id": "doc4922", "text": "Dollar Tree recently missed analyst projections on quarterly net earnings, blaming the impact of tariffs imposed on Chinese imports. Sales beat analyst estimates."}
{"id": "doc4923", "text": "Dollar Tree operated 15,262 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces as of Nov. 2, 2019. Stores operate under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada. "}
{"id": "doc4924", "text": "Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates. "}
{"id": "doc4925", "text": "On an earnings call, executives from the off-price giant said the company plans to add about 100 stores this year, consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations."}
{"id": "doc4926", "text": "Ross reported fourth-quarter net earnings of $456.1 million, or $1.28 per share, versus $441.7 million, or $1.20 per share, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.25 per share."}
{"id": "doc4927", "text": "Sales rose to $4.41 billion from $4.11 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $4.36 billion. Same-store sales increased 4%. The fourth-quarter operating margin of 13.3% was slightly better than expected, driven by higher merchandise margin."}
{"id": "doc4928", "text": "For the 2019 fiscal year, earnings per share increased 8% to $4.60, compared to $4.26 in the prior year. Net income for the period was $1.7 billion, up from $1.6 billion last year. Sales for the 2019 year grew 7% to $16.0 billion."}
{"id": "doc4929", "text": "“As we enter 2020, we continue to face our own strong long-term sales and earnings results plus ongoing uncertainty in the macro-economic, political, and retail landscapes,” said CEO Barbara Rentler. “Therefore, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook when projecting our performance for the coming year.”"}
{"id": "doc4930", "text": "The retailer’s guidance also does not reflect the “potential unknown impacts” from the evolving coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc4931", "text": "“While we are closely monitoring the situation, there remains a high level of uncertainty over supply chain disruptions in China,” Rentler said. “In addition, it is unclear how a further possible spread of the coronavirus could negatively impact U.S. consumer demand.”"}
{"id": "doc4932", "text": "Ross operates 1,546 locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 259 dd’s Discounts stores. "}
{"id": "doc4933", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported stronger earnings and sales than analysts had expected as shoppers stock up on goods in light of the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc4934", "text": "“February sales benefited from an uptick in consumer demand in the fourth week of the reporting period,” the company stated. “We attribute this to concerns over the Coronavirus and estimate the positive impact on total and comparable sales to be approximately 3%.”"}
{"id": "doc4935", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Costco CEO Richard Galanti said that “these last nine or so days has been beyond busy.” In addition to stocking up on things such as water, sanitizers and other household goods, consumers also have been buying bigger big-ticket items, he added."}
{"id": "doc4936", "text": "Costco earned $931 million, or $2.10 a share, for the quarter ended Feb.16, compared with $889 million, or $2.01 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.05 a share. "}
{"id": "doc4937", "text": " Sales rose 10.5% to $38.3 billion, beating estimates of $38.22 million. Same-store sales rose 8.9% or 7.9% excluding the impact of gasoline prices and currency fluctuations. E-commerce comp sales rose 28.4%."}
{"id": "doc4938", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc4939", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported sales that missed the Street amid fierce competition to attract shoppers in the grocery space, but its earnings topped expectations. "}
{"id": "doc4940", "text": "Net income totaled $1.1 billion, or $2.47 a share, in the quarter ended Sept. 1, compared with $1.04 billion, or $2.36 a share, in the year-ago period. Costco said results included a charge of 22 cents a share for a product tax assessment. Excluding one-time items, earnings were $2.69 per share. Analysts were looking for earnings of $2.54 a share."}
{"id": "doc4941", "text": "Total revenue rose to $47.50 billion from $44.41 billion, missing analysts’ estimates of $47.57. Total comparable sales, including online, rose 5.1%, excluding the impact of fuel and currency fluctuations. In the U.S., comparable store sales, excluding fuel, rose 5.2%."}
{"id": "doc4942", "text": "In August, Costco opened its first location in China, in Shanghai. Traffic was so busy on opening day the store had to close early. On the company’s quarterly earnings call, CFO Richard Galanti said that the crowds are now well managed and that sales have remained strong during the past month. Costco plans to open a second Shanghai store in 2021."}
{"id": "doc4943", "text": "Costco executives said the company is working to mitigate the impact of import tariffs linked to the U.S.-China trade dispute."}
{"id": "doc4944", "text": "Since the beginning of these tariffs over a year ago, we continue to be active in managing and were possibly mitigating the impact where we can, CFO Richard Galanti said on the quarterly call. In some cases, weve reduced our commitments on certain items. And again, just on the impact of what we expect, we look at alternative country sourcing where possible and feasible and although again, theres a limited amount of that ability to do that."}
{"id": "doc4945", "text": "Costco currently operates 783 warehouses, including 544 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, one in France, one in Iceland, and one in China. Costco also operates e-commerce web sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea and Taiwan."}
{"id": "doc4946", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported stronger earnings and sales than analysts had expected as shoppers stock up on goods in light of the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc4947", "text": "“February sales benefited from an uptick in consumer demand in the fourth week of the reporting period,” the company stated. “We attribute this to concerns over the Coronavirus and estimate the positive impact on total and comparable sales to be approximately 3%.”"}
{"id": "doc4948", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Costco CEO Richard Galanti said that “these last nine or so days has been beyond busy.” In addition to stocking up on things such as water, sanitizers and other household goods, consumers also have been buying bigger big-ticket items, he added."}
{"id": "doc4949", "text": "Costco earned $931 million, or $2.10 a share, for the quarter ended Feb.16, compared with $889 million, or $2.01 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.05 a share. "}
{"id": "doc4950", "text": " Sales rose 10.5% to $38.3 billion, beating estimates of $38.22 million. Same-store sales rose 8.9% or 7.9% excluding the impact of gasoline prices and currency fluctuations. E-commerce comp sales rose 28.4%."}
{"id": "doc4951", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc4952", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. came strong out of the gate in the first month of the year."}
{"id": "doc4953", "text": "The membership warehouse club retailer reported net sales of $11.57 billion for the four weeks ended February 2, 2020, up 8% from $10.71 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales (excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange) rose 5.3%, with a 5.6% increase in the U.S. E-commerce comparable sales surged 17.2%. "}
{"id": "doc4954", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc4955", "text": "A website outage that occurred over Thanksgiving weekend took a bite out of Costco Wholesale’s first quarter sales. "}
{"id": "doc4956", "text": "The retail giant reported earnings of $844 million, or $1.90 a share, for the quarter ended Nov. 24, compared to $767 million, or $1.73 per diluted share, last year. Analysts were expecting $1.71 a share."}
{"id": "doc4957", "text": "Net sales rose 5.6% to $36.24 billion, below estimates of $39.9 billion, up from $34.31 billion a year ago. Same-store sales in the U.S. rose 4.7%.  E-commerce sales rose 5.5%, compared to a 19.8% increase in its fourth quarter. "}
{"id": "doc4958", "text": "Costco noted that the late Thanksgiving  pushed early holiday sales off to the next quarter  and took12 percentage points off e-commerce sales.  The retailer also was hit with website failure on Thanksgiving."}
{"id": "doc4959", "text": "“It was unfortunate, despite all the efforts to have plenty of capacity —- processing capacity, if you will — there was something that incurred, Costco CFO Richard Galanti said on the company’s quarterly earnings call. When we look at the five days between Thanksgiving and Monday — Cyber Monday those five days on a year-over-year basis. I mean, we still were up in the very high teens as a percentage on e-commerce. So consistent with what weve showed you — what we have currently been running what tells us we could have done better than that. So we did leave something on the table there.”"}
{"id": "doc4960", "text": "Galanti noted that the company is continuing to invest in technology."}
{"id": "doc4961", "text": "Rest assured, were spending a lot of money on things like that,” he added. "}
{"id": "doc4962", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan."}
{"id": "doc4963", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc4964", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. came strong out of the gate in the first month of the year."}
{"id": "doc4965", "text": "The membership warehouse club retailer reported net sales of $11.57 billion for the four weeks ended February 2, 2020, up 8% from $10.71 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales (excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange) rose 5.3%, with a 5.6% increase in the U.S. E-commerce comparable sales surged 17.2%. "}
{"id": "doc4966", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc4967", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. reported stronger earnings and sales than analysts had expected as shoppers stock up on goods in light of the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc4968", "text": "“February sales benefited from an uptick in consumer demand in the fourth week of the reporting period,” the company stated. “We attribute this to concerns over the Coronavirus and estimate the positive impact on total and comparable sales to be approximately 3%.”"}
{"id": "doc4969", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Costco CEO Richard Galanti said that “these last nine or so days has been beyond busy.” In addition to stocking up on things such as water, sanitizers and other household goods, consumers also have been buying bigger big-ticket items, he added."}
{"id": "doc4970", "text": "Costco earned $931 million, or $2.10 a share, for the quarter ended Feb.16, compared with $889 million, or $2.01 a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.05 a share. "}
{"id": "doc4971", "text": " Sales rose 10.5% to $38.3 billion, beating estimates of $38.22 million. Same-store sales rose 8.9% or 7.9% excluding the impact of gasoline prices and currency fluctuations. E-commerce comp sales rose 28.4%."}
{"id": "doc4972", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia."}
{"id": "doc4973", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. came strong out of the gate in the first month of the year."}
{"id": "doc4974", "text": "The membership warehouse club retailer reported net sales of $11.57 billion for the four weeks ended February 2, 2020, up 8% from $10.71 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales (excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange) rose 5.3%, with a 5.6% increase in the U.S. E-commerce comparable sales surged 17.2%. "}
{"id": "doc4975", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc4976", "text": "A regional sporting goods chain is equipping key company players with information they need to win."}
{"id": "doc4977", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods is providing all of its executives and store managers with real-time, mobile access to point-of-sale and e-commerce data from across the entire organization. The retailer is utilizing the Domo cloud platform, with more than 1,000 pre-built connectors and a mobile-first design, to automatically update enterprise data and make it available via mobile device."}
{"id": "doc4978", "text": "Before implementing the Domo solution, Modell’s had no timely way to understand how each store was performing, how that performance was trending, what inventory was aging, or what products were showing positive sales trends. The retailer used a time-consuming process for collecting enterprise data, which required running reports on multiple systems and compiling information into one report that was then shared with management and the corporate office. "}
{"id": "doc4979", "text": "As a result, Modell’s experienced difficulties knowing where it needed to make changes or put more attention. Now, store managers have more control over each day’s performance by knowing what’s selling and optimizing that inventory, while executives can more holistically understand the areas of the business that are doing well or may need attention."}
{"id": "doc4980", "text": "“We are constantly looking at how implementing new technology or enhancing existing systems can support our business goals,” said Vincent Damiano, CTO, Modell’s. “Domo is the perfect combination of a new technology that leverages our data from many sources and offers it to the users in a one- stop solution to empower our team to have near real-time information to help make better business decisions. Domo’s cloud-based computing capabilities eliminate the costly hardware expense that would be needed to produce the required reporting in a timely manner.” "}
{"id": "doc4981", "text": "Headquartered in New York City and family-run, Modells Sporting Goods operates over 150 stores located in nine East Coast states and the District of Columbia, as well as a national e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc4982", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods efforts to avoid bankruptcy have apparently failed. "}
{"id": "doc4983", "text": "The New York-based athletic gear retailer is prepping to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, reported the New York Post. Modell’s has stopped shopping for a white-knight investor as it scrambles to renegotiate its 140 leases across the New York metro area, company CEO Mitch Modell told the Post. It is also giving up on renegotiating terms with its vendors."}
{"id": "doc4984", "text": "Modell’s is hoping that Denver-based sportswear retailer JackRabbit will buy it out of Chapter 11, according to the report, which cited a source with knowledge of the situation. Modell himself did not comment on whether the company is in discussions with JackRabbit. He told the Post that “a lot of companies are taking a look at us.”"}
{"id": "doc4985", "text": "To read the full Post article, click here."}
{"id": "doc4986", "text": "Modell’s is struggling to keep its 130-year-old family business alive."}
{"id": "doc4987", "text": "The regional sporting goods retailer is closing 24 and is considering offering a minority stake in the company as it looks at various options to keep afloat, CEO Mitchell Modell told Fox Business. (Modell’s has about 150 stores as of January.) The stores scheduled to close include five in New Jersey, eight in New York and four in Pennsylvania, the report said, with the remaining ones in Washington, D.C., and New England. "}
{"id": "doc4988", "text": "The Fox interview comes on the heels of a report by the Wall Street Journal  that said the retailer had hired financial advisers following a disappointing holiday season. Modell’s chief told the Journal that the company had stopped paying an unspecified number of landlords and some of its vendors as well as it started discussions with suppliers in an effort to prevent bleeding out cash."}
{"id": "doc4989", "text": "Sporting goods retailers have not had an easy time of it in recent years, challenged by online and discount competition. Among the chains that have shut down operations are Sports Chalet, Sports Authority and City Sports."}
{"id": "doc4990", "text": "To read the full Fox Business story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc4991", "text": "Tapestry is partnering with managed services provider CenturyLink to transform its enterprise."}
{"id": "doc4992", "text": "The New York-based, multi-national luxury fashion holding company, which is the parent of brands including Coach New York, Kate Spade New York, and Stuart Weitzman, is migrating to the SAP S/4HANA ERP platform in an effort to gain greater IT agility. As part of its enterprise transformation strategy, Tapestry is implementing a solution that combines next-generation technology and services from CenturyLink and SAP on a global scale."}
{"id": "doc4993", "text": "A global platinum partner and reseller for SAP, CenturyLink will help Tapestry manage complex enterprise workloads in connection with its move to the S/4 HANA ERP platform. CenturyLink delivers a suite of SAP solutions and services, including support for SAP S/4HANA implementations and SAP solutions deployed on public and private clouds. These capabilities are designed to help companies execute successful implementations across hybrid IT environments."}
{"id": "doc4994", "text": "We are incredibly proud of the scope and scale of this implementation, said Michael Braine, CIO, Tapestry. The time to value has been without precedent, and CenturyLink played a key and irreplaceable role in making that happen. Thought leadership and the grit to turn challenging situations into success is what we have come to expect from CenturyLink."}
{"id": "doc4995", "text": "The 2019 Neiman Marcus Christmas Book once again includes a selection of over-the-top “fantasy gifts” at fantastical prices."}
{"id": "doc4996", "text": "The most expensive, and eye-catching, gift in the 93rd annual edition of the luxury retailer’s holiday catalog is an Aston Martin DBS Superleggera designed by actor Daniel Craig, who has starred in the last several James Bond films. Available in a run of seven, each limited-edition car costs $700,007, comes in inky blue, and features a twin-turbo 5.2-liter V12 engine. "}
{"id": "doc4997", "text": "Buyers of the 007 package will also receive one of only seven limited-edition, all-platinum Seamaster Diver 300M Omega timepieces with a unique hand-engraved case back, and tickets to the world premiere of “No Time to Die,” the upcoming 25th installment in the James Bond series. Neiman Marcus will donate 12% of each 007 fantasy gift package to The Opportunity Network."}
{"id": "doc4998", "text": "Other high-price, high-profile fantasy gifts include a single VIP trip for two to Italy ($200,000), a single opportunity to sit in the front row of four fashion shows with a Neiman Marcus insider during New York’ Fashion Week ($250,000), a single trip to Tokyo to meet streetwear designer Jeff Staple and receive at least eight signed Staple collaborations during 2020 ($110,000), and a single opportunity to star in an Instagram video with makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic ($400,000)."}
{"id": "doc4999", "text": "Many of Neiman Marcus’ fantasy gifts include a donation of a portion of the purchase price to the Heart of Neiman Marcus foundation. The holiday catalog also features more than 800 items across a wide range of categories and price points. Some of the less expensive items include a Bey Berk Cigar Humidor ($165), and a Funboy Holiday Inflatable Snowmobile ($99)."}
{"id": "doc5000", "text": "Don’t be fooled: There is still plenty of life left in physical retail — and not just for the short term. The industry is ripe with new formats and new concepts."}
{"id": "doc5001", "text": "What’s especially heartening is that the development is coming from digitally native upstarts and familiar, longstanding brands. Even the founder of Tom’s of Maine has thrown his hat in the ring, with a sustainable apparel concept called Rambler’s Way."}
{"id": "doc5002", "text": "Here’s a look at some of the activity:"}
{"id": "doc5003", "text": "Dyson Demo: Dyson Demo, from the British brand best known for its vacuum cleaners, made its U.S. debut with a flagship in Manhattan. Designed to encourage people to try out and understand Dyson technology, the 3,100-sq.-ft. store is sleek, futuristic and totally hands on."}
{"id": "doc5004", "text": "Dry Goods: After flying under the radar for several years, this subsidiary of Von Maur Department Stores is spreading its wings a bit. Dry Goods, which offers on-trend junior women’s apparel and accessories from a variety of brands amid a hip, vintage-style backdrop, will open 12 stores throughout the Midwest this year."}
{"id": "doc5005", "text": "Everlane: The socially minded, digitally native brand has opened its first permanent locations (in New York City and San Francisco) in a push to expand with key locations nationwide. With no signage or mannequins, Everlane stores have a minimal, uncluttered look that’s perfectly in sync with the brand’s online identity. The stores even live up to Everlane’s promise of transparency, offering takeaway cards with information on its factories around the globe."}
{"id": "doc5006", "text": "FAO Schwarz: The venerable toy retailer is making a comeback, with plans to open, in partnership with the Hudson Group, a chain of FAO Schwarz-branded airport shops in the United States and Canada. It’s a smart move given the explosive growth of airport retail. Also in the works: a flagship at New York’s Rockefeller Center."}
{"id": "doc5007", "text": "Land’s End: The longtime specialty apparel company is doubling down on bricks-and-mortar, with plans to unveil a new retail concept (in Chicago) this year, and four to six additional locations. It expects to open 40 to 60 stores during the next five years."}
{"id": "doc5008", "text": "Riley Rose: Forever 21 goes deep into beauty — mostly of the indie kind — with its new freestanding lifestyle concept. Awash in pink hues, product demos and Instagrammable moments, Riley Rose is a young beauty lover’s paradise — with a smattering of fun home goods and sweet treats."}
{"id": "doc5009", "text": "Reserve: Starbucks has big (1,000 stores) plans for its new upscale coffee/café concept, which debuted in Seattle. The marketplace-style format combines higher-end coffees with freshly-made Italian goods and p.m. cocktails."}
{"id": "doc5010", "text": "Roots: A new experiential format brings the Canadian sportswear brand’s heritage to life. A leather customization workshop lets shoppers view Root’s handcrafted process. Shoppers can also customize their own products. The brand is looking to ramp up its U.S. store footprint during the next few years."}
{"id": "doc5011", "text": "Universal Fashion:  The plus-size “inclusive” women’s apparel brand known for its sleek, stylish fashions has amassed a cult following. Flush with a new round of funding, it plans to expand its retail format (two showrooms) nationwide."}
{"id": "doc5012", "text": "The retailers above are just the tip of the iceberg. There are plenty more in the offing — or at least in the pipeline."}
{"id": "doc5013", "text": "Avenue closed its brick-and-mortar stores, but it is taking a physical approach to returns of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc5014", "text": "The plus-sized women’s apparel retailer is partnering with omnichannel returns platform Happy Returns to ease the process of returning online purchases. Following a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing, Avenue closed its 200-plus stores in September 2019 as part of a strategic shift to an e-commerce-only business."}
{"id": "doc5015", "text": "Customers can return Avenue purchases to any of Happy Returns’ more than 700 “Return Bar” locations nationwide without needing to perform any printing, labeling, or boxing the return item. Return Bar associates look up the customer order by their email address with the Happy Returns app to verify the item can be returned. "}
{"id": "doc5016", "text": "Return Bar associates then inspect the item and collect the reason for return to initiate the refund, with the customer receiving an email receipt. Happy Returns then prepares returns for restocking, using bulk shipments whenever possible to reduce costs. Refunds are initiated immediately. "}
{"id": "doc5017", "text": "“Avenue has been a leader in plus-size apparel for decades, and we are thrilled to support their transition to becoming a digital-only brand,” said David Sobie, CEO and co-founder, Happy Returns. “Our Return Bar network will provide a consistent experience for Avenue shoppers who have come to expect the ease, speed, and convenience of returning to stores.” "}
{"id": "doc5018", "text": "Mall operator Simon is providing the Happy Returns service at 52 malls across the country. Simon began partnering with Happy Returns as a pilot program in five centers in 2017, and has been gradually expanding it since. Shoppers can return or exchange items from select online retailers at Simon Guest Services at participating centers, for an immediate credit."}
{"id": "doc5019", "text": "One year after closing all its U.S. stores, Toys “R” Us is returning with a “playground environment,” a tech-driven partner and a consignment-like business model.The retailer will open two, approximately 6,500-sq.-ft. locations at Simon’s The Galleria in Houston and at Westfield Garden State Plaza in Paramus, New Jersey. And more are coming, with additional locations in prime U.S. retail markets expected to open in 2020. (According to CNBC, the company expects to open 10 stores next year, possibly including a larger flagship in New York or California.)The stores are a joint venture between Tru Kids and technology retailer B8ta. Tru Kids bought the intellectual property of Toys “R” Us, including the brand names of Toys “R” Us, Babies “R” Us, and Geoffrey the Giraffe, after the chain’s bankruptcy filing and liquidation last year.B8ta, a recipient of Chain Store Age’s Breakout Retailer award in 2018, operates 17 branded stores throughout the U.S. that sell mostly tech products from up-and-coming brands utilizing an updated consignment model. Additionally, its in-house retail-as-a-service tech platform is used by brands, including Macy’s in-store pop-up marketplace concept, to power their physical retail experience.The new Toys “R” Us stores will utilize B8tas experiential retail model to create a playful in-store experience. They will operate the same as B8ta’s branded stores — the brands will pay for shelf space, with all sales revenue going back to the brand (manufacturer). Participating brands will be announced in the coming weeks.We have an incredible opportunity to entirely reimagine the Toys R Us brand in the U.S. and are thrilled to partner with b8ta and key toy vendors to create a new, highly-engaging retail experience designed for kids, families and to better fit within todays retail environment,” said Richard Barry, CEO of Tru Kids and interim co-CEO of the new Toys R Us joint venture. Barry is the former global chief merchandising officer at Toys “R” Us.The new Toys R Us stores will be highly interactive and feature daily events and activities. Toys will be displayed out of the box to allow for testing before purchase and the space will feature an open play area. Brands will showcase their products in an open, “playground” environment. They also will have the opportunity to design custom experiences and branded shops. The stores will leverage B8tas experiential retail and its tech platform, which enables brands to actively manage their in-store experiences and measure how offline experiences translate into online sales.We launched b8ta to change the fundamental infrastructure of retail, from the business model to the customer experience,” said Vibhu Norby, CEO of b8ta. “B8ta is proud to bring Toys R Us stores back to the U.S. alongside our partner, Tru Kids, and with our retail as a service platform as its engine. The new Toys R Us stores will be the most progressive and advanced stores in its category in the world, and we hope to surprise and delight kids for generations to come."}
{"id": "doc5020", "text": "Albertsons Companies is looking to return to the public arena."}
{"id": "doc5021", "text": "The nation’s second-largest supermarket retailer filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed initial public offering. Albertsons plans to list under the ticker ACI on the New York Stock Exchange."}
{"id": "doc5022", "text": "In its filing, Albertsons listed the size of the offering as $100 million. But this is likely a placeholder for a deal that could raise up to $2 billion, according to reports."}
{"id": "doc5023", "text": "Albertsons operates approximately 2,260 stores under 20 different banners in 24 states. It earned $131 million on revenue of $61 billion for the fiscal year ended Feb. 23, 2019, up from income of $46 million on revenue of $60 billion during the year-ago period. In its prospectus, Albertsons said its same-store sales have grown for eight consecutive quarters."}
{"id": "doc5024", "text": "“We are proud of the progress we have made over the past few years, and believe we have a long runway for growth ahead of us,” CEO Vivek Sankaran said."}
{"id": "doc5025", "text": "The company, backed by private equity firm Cerberus, previously filed for an IPO in 2015. But it postponed the offering and eventually withdrew it in 2018 ahead of its planned merger with Rite-Aid. (The deal fell apart due to investor pushback.)"}
{"id": "doc5026", "text": "Albertsons’ banners include Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs."}
{"id": "doc5027", "text": "For an in-depth analysis of Albertsons by CSA sister publication Retail Leader, click here. "}
{"id": "doc5028", "text": "The nation’s largest grocer is not taking a back seat in the race to streamline in-store fulfillment of online grocery orders."}
{"id": "doc5029", "text": "Walmart has been piloting a new technology called Alphabot that is designed to enable quicker, more efficient picking of online grocery orders at the store level. The retail giant has been testing the technology at its supercenter in Salem, New Hampshire, since mid-2019."}
{"id": "doc5030", "text": "Developed exclusively for Walmart by startup Alert Innovation, the Alphabot system operates inside a 20,000-sq.-ft. warehouse-style space, using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items ordered for online grocery. After it retrieves the products Alphabot delivers them to an in-store workstation, where a Walmart associate checks, bags and delivers the final order. "}
{"id": "doc5031", "text": "As the Walmart grocery pickup and delivery process currently works, associates select items from the sales floor for customers, package them and then deliver them. While associates will continue to pick produce and other fresh items by hand, Alphabot will help make the retrieval process for all other items easier and faster, according to Walmart. "}
{"id": "doc5032", "text": "Alphabot’s fully autonomous bots operate on three axes of motion. Because the carts that carry items move both horizontally and vertically without any lifts or conveyors, there are fewer space constraints, which Walmart hopes will make adoption of the system easier across stores."}
{"id": "doc5033", "text": "By increasing fulfillment speeds, Walmart also hopes this technology can create more convenience for customers, allowing them to place orders closer to pick-up time, and reducing wait time when picking up an order. "}
{"id": "doc5034", "text": "In addition, Alphabot continually shares order information in real-time. Armed with this data, Walmart intends to make shelf-stocking more intelligent – such as placing items that are usually bought together close to each other. Walmart also seeks to use order data to help make more personally targeted substitutions when a customer’s first choice is out of stock."}
{"id": "doc5035", "text": "“By assembling and delivering orders to associates, Alphabot is streamlining the order process, allowing associates to do their jobs with greater speed and efficiency,” said Brian Roth, senior manager of pickup automation and digital operations for Walmart U.S. “Ultimately, this will lower dispense times, increase accuracy and improve the entirety of online grocery. And it will help free associates to focus on service and selling, while the technology handles the more mundane, repeatable tasks. This is going to be a transformative impact to Walmart’s supply chain. Alphabot is what we think of as micro-fulfillment – an inventive merger of e-commerce and brick and mortar methods.”"}
{"id": "doc5036", "text": "Albertsons, a major grocery rival of Walmart, is running a similar “micro-fulfillment” center pilot supported by a hyperlocal fulfillment solution from Takeoff Technologies. Located inside an existing store, micro-fulfillment centers typically hold about 15,000 to 18,000 of the local market’s most popular products. The centers use robotic technology to fulfill e-commerce orders and provide real-time information about inventory. https://chainstoreage.com/albertsons-thinks-small-e-commerce-fulfillment"}
{"id": "doc5037", "text": "Walmart said that its Salem location will continue to serve as home base for Alphabot while the process is “studied, refined and perfected.” After collecting associate and customer feedback, Walmart will assess next steps for a broader Alphabot rollout."}
{"id": "doc5038", "text": "Albertsons Companies is looking to return to the public arena."}
{"id": "doc5039", "text": "The nation’s second-largest supermarket retailer filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed initial public offering. Albertsons plans to list under the ticker ACI on the New York Stock Exchange."}
{"id": "doc5040", "text": "In its filing, Albertsons listed the size of the offering as $100 million. But this is likely a placeholder for a deal that could raise up to $2 billion, according to reports."}
{"id": "doc5041", "text": "Albertsons operates approximately 2,260 stores under 20 different banners in 24 states. It earned $131 million on revenue of $61 billion for the fiscal year ended Feb. 23, 2019, up from income of $46 million on revenue of $60 billion during the year-ago period. In its prospectus, Albertsons said its same-store sales have grown for eight consecutive quarters."}
{"id": "doc5042", "text": "“We are proud of the progress we have made over the past few years, and believe we have a long runway for growth ahead of us,” CEO Vivek Sankaran said."}
{"id": "doc5043", "text": "The company, backed by private equity firm Cerberus, previously filed for an IPO in 2015. But it postponed the offering and eventually withdrew it in 2018 ahead of its planned merger with Rite-Aid. (The deal fell apart due to investor pushback.)"}
{"id": "doc5044", "text": "Albertsons’ banners include Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs."}
{"id": "doc5045", "text": "For an in-depth analysis of Albertsons by CSA sister publication Retail Leader, click here. "}
{"id": "doc5046", "text": "Albertsons Companies is looking to return to the public arena."}
{"id": "doc5047", "text": "The nation’s second-largest supermarket retailer filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed initial public offering. Albertsons plans to list under the ticker ACI on the New York Stock Exchange."}
{"id": "doc5048", "text": "In its filing, Albertsons listed the size of the offering as $100 million. But this is likely a placeholder for a deal that could raise up to $2 billion, according to reports."}
{"id": "doc5049", "text": "Albertsons operates approximately 2,260 stores under 20 different banners in 24 states. It earned $131 million on revenue of $61 billion for the fiscal year ended Feb. 23, 2019, up from income of $46 million on revenue of $60 billion during the year-ago period. In its prospectus, Albertsons said its same-store sales have grown for eight consecutive quarters."}
{"id": "doc5050", "text": "“We are proud of the progress we have made over the past few years, and believe we have a long runway for growth ahead of us,” CEO Vivek Sankaran said."}
{"id": "doc5051", "text": "The company, backed by private equity firm Cerberus, previously filed for an IPO in 2015. But it postponed the offering and eventually withdrew it in 2018 ahead of its planned merger with Rite-Aid. (The deal fell apart due to investor pushback.)"}
{"id": "doc5052", "text": "Albertsons’ banners include Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs."}
{"id": "doc5053", "text": "For an in-depth analysis of Albertsons by CSA sister publication Retail Leader, click here. "}
{"id": "doc5054", "text": "American Eagle Outfitters’ fourth-quarter sales and earnings beat analysts’ estimates fueled by strong demand for its Aerie intimates brand."}
{"id": "doc5055", "text": "Aerie has been a major growth driver for the company in recent years, with its inclusive, body-positive messaging resonating with younger shoppers. American Eagle intends to build on the brand’s growing momentum. It intends to accelerate the growth of Aerie in 2020, opening 60 to 70 stores, with a heavy emphasis on stand-alone locations, executives said on the company’s quarterly earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc5056", "text": "“We are seeing very strong returns from our investments in new and remodeled stores as well, including exceptional growth trends in newer markets like Dallas, Houston and Denver,” Jennifer Foyle, executive VP and global brand president-Aerie, said during the call. “Weve entered 2020 with momentum and we look forward to achieving our milestone of $1 billion in short order.”"}
{"id": "doc5057", "text": "American Eagle reported net income of $3.8 million, or $0.3 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $76.2 million, or $0. 43 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were $0. 37 cents a share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc5058", "text": "Revenue rose 6% to $1.31 billion from $1.24 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts had estimated revenue of $1.27 billion. "}
{"id": "doc5059", "text": "Consolidated comparable sales increased 2%. It was the 20th consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales decreased 3%. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 26%, following a 23% increase last year, marking the 21stconsecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth."}
{"id": "doc5060", "text": "For the full year, American Eagle’s net revenue increased 7% to a record $4.3 billion. Consolidated comparable sales increased 3%. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales were up slightly. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 20%"}
{"id": "doc5061", "text": "“Although we faced some challenges in 2019, we made good progress on our strategic growth pillars, posting record revenues, said Jay Schottenstein, AEO’s chairman and CEO. “We saw strong customer engagement and positive traffic across brands and channels. Aerie delivered exceptional growth, led by its unique brand positioning and strong customer connection, and has significant runway ahead. American Eagle also saw growth in its signature jeans and bottoms categories, where we continue to gain meaningful market share. I’m also pleased that we successfully cleared through excess holiday inventory, ending the year well-positioned.”"}
{"id": "doc5062", "text": "The retailer ended the year with a total of 1,095 stores. During the year, American Eagle opened 37 Aerie standalone stores, ending the year with 148 Aerie stand-alone locations (included in total store count.)"}
{"id": "doc5063", "text": "Markdowns affected American Eagle Outfitters Inc. earnings per share (EPS) in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 even as sales hit a record."}
{"id": "doc5064", "text": "The specialty apparel retailer reported total net revenue increased $63 million, or 6%, to a record $1.07 billion compared to $1.00 billion in the same quarter the prior year. Same-store sales increased 5%, and were positive across both store and digital channels. By brand, American Eagle’s same-store sales increased 2%, while Aerie’s same-store sales increased 20%, "}
{"id": "doc5065", "text": "However, EPS stayed flat at $0.48, meeting American Eagle’s previously released guidance. Jay Schottenstein, chairman and CEO of American Eagle Outfitters, cited soft sales in some categories as clipping the retailer’s earnings."}
{"id": "doc5066", "text": "“Strong top-line performance across brands and channels led to our 19th consecutive quarter of comparable sales growth and record third-quarter revenue,” said Schottenstein. “In a tough environment, we reported EPS in line with our guidance. We continued to deliver on our strategic pillars, with Aerie and American Eagle Jeans demonstrating strong sales and profit growth. Softer demand in certain AE apparel categories led to higher markdowns and has persisted into the fourth quarter. The team has been working hard to quickly course correct, and our focus is squarely on continuing to capitalize on the strength of our brands, accelerating the growth of Aerie, and creating shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc5067", "text": "During the quarter, the company opened six American Eagle stores, ending with 945 American Eagle stores, including 170 Aerie side-by-side locations. Additionally, the company opened 12 Aerie stand-alone stores and closed one, ending with 142 Aerie stand-alone stores. Internationally, the company ended the quarter with 241 licensed stores compared to 223 last year. "}
{"id": "doc5068", "text": "American Eagle expects fourth-quarter 2019 EPS to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.36, with same-sales approximately flat. This guidance excludes potential asset impairment and restructuring charges. In 2018, the company reported EPS of $0.43 for the fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc5069", "text": "American Eagle Outfitters’ fourth-quarter sales and earnings beat analysts’ estimates fueled by strong demand for its Aerie intimates brand."}
{"id": "doc5070", "text": "Aerie has been a major growth driver for the company in recent years, with its inclusive, body-positive messaging resonating with younger shoppers. American Eagle intends to build on the brand’s growing momentum. It intends to accelerate the growth of Aerie in 2020, opening 60 to 70 stores, with a heavy emphasis on stand-alone locations, executives said on the company’s quarterly earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc5071", "text": "“We are seeing very strong returns from our investments in new and remodeled stores as well, including exceptional growth trends in newer markets like Dallas, Houston and Denver,” Jennifer Foyle, executive VP and global brand president-Aerie, said during the call. “Weve entered 2020 with momentum and we look forward to achieving our milestone of $1 billion in short order.”"}
{"id": "doc5072", "text": "American Eagle reported net income of $3.8 million, or $0.3 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $76.2 million, or $0. 43 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were $0. 37 cents a share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc5073", "text": "Revenue rose 6% to $1.31 billion from $1.24 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts had estimated revenue of $1.27 billion. "}
{"id": "doc5074", "text": "Consolidated comparable sales increased 2%. It was the 20th consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales decreased 3%. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 26%, following a 23% increase last year, marking the 21stconsecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth."}
{"id": "doc5075", "text": "For the full year, American Eagle’s net revenue increased 7% to a record $4.3 billion. Consolidated comparable sales increased 3%. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales were up slightly. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 20%"}
{"id": "doc5076", "text": "“Although we faced some challenges in 2019, we made good progress on our strategic growth pillars, posting record revenues, said Jay Schottenstein, AEO’s chairman and CEO. “We saw strong customer engagement and positive traffic across brands and channels. Aerie delivered exceptional growth, led by its unique brand positioning and strong customer connection, and has significant runway ahead. American Eagle also saw growth in its signature jeans and bottoms categories, where we continue to gain meaningful market share. I’m also pleased that we successfully cleared through excess holiday inventory, ending the year well-positioned.”"}
{"id": "doc5077", "text": "The retailer ended the year with a total of 1,095 stores. During the year, American Eagle opened 37 Aerie standalone stores, ending the year with 148 Aerie stand-alone locations (included in total store count.)"}
{"id": "doc5078", "text": "American Eagle Outfitters’ fourth-quarter sales and earnings beat analysts’ estimates fueled by strong demand for its Aerie intimates brand."}
{"id": "doc5079", "text": "Aerie has been a major growth driver for the company in recent years, with its inclusive, body-positive messaging resonating with younger shoppers. American Eagle intends to build on the brand’s growing momentum. It intends to accelerate the growth of Aerie in 2020, opening 60 to 70 stores, with a heavy emphasis on stand-alone locations, executives said on the company’s quarterly earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc5080", "text": "“We are seeing very strong returns from our investments in new and remodeled stores as well, including exceptional growth trends in newer markets like Dallas, Houston and Denver,” Jennifer Foyle, executive VP and global brand president-Aerie, said during the call. “Weve entered 2020 with momentum and we look forward to achieving our milestone of $1 billion in short order.”"}
{"id": "doc5081", "text": "American Eagle reported net income of $3.8 million, or $0.3 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $76.2 million, or $0. 43 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were $0. 37 cents a share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc5082", "text": "Revenue rose 6% to $1.31 billion from $1.24 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts had estimated revenue of $1.27 billion. "}
{"id": "doc5083", "text": "Consolidated comparable sales increased 2%. It was the 20th consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales decreased 3%. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 26%, following a 23% increase last year, marking the 21stconsecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth."}
{"id": "doc5084", "text": "For the full year, American Eagle’s net revenue increased 7% to a record $4.3 billion. Consolidated comparable sales increased 3%. By brand, American Eagle comparable sales were up slightly. Aerie’s comparable sales increased 20%"}
{"id": "doc5085", "text": "“Although we faced some challenges in 2019, we made good progress on our strategic growth pillars, posting record revenues, said Jay Schottenstein, AEO’s chairman and CEO. “We saw strong customer engagement and positive traffic across brands and channels. Aerie delivered exceptional growth, led by its unique brand positioning and strong customer connection, and has significant runway ahead. American Eagle also saw growth in its signature jeans and bottoms categories, where we continue to gain meaningful market share. I’m also pleased that we successfully cleared through excess holiday inventory, ending the year well-positioned.”"}
{"id": "doc5086", "text": "The retailer ended the year with a total of 1,095 stores. During the year, American Eagle opened 37 Aerie standalone stores, ending the year with 148 Aerie stand-alone locations (included in total store count.)"}
{"id": "doc5087", "text": "7-Eleven is moving forward with its “evolution store format. "}
{"id": "doc5088", "text": "The c-store giant, which unveiled the concept last March in Dallas, has expanded it to Washington, D.C., with an additional location to open in San Diego in the coming months. 7-Eleven said it plans to continue to expand the concept across the country in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5089", "text": "The evolution format is designed to serve as a lab store and real-time experiential testing ground where customers can try the retailer’s latest innovations. "}
{"id": "doc5090", "text": "“Our evolution stores bring outstanding innovation to life through new food and beverage platforms as well as through digital experiences,” said 7-Eleven president and CEO Joe DePinto."}
{"id": "doc5091", "text": "The initial location exceeded expectations with enthusiastic reviews, crowds of customers and sales that continue to climb, according to 7-Eleven. The concepts that resonate with consumers are refined before being incorporated into the next generation of the chain’s current and new store standards."}
{"id": "doc5092", "text": "The evolution stores include a Laredo Taco Company restaurant. (7-Eleven acquired the Laredo Taco Company restaurants along with Stripes convenience stores in South Texas as part of the 1,000-store acquisition from Sunoco in 2018.) "}
{"id": "doc5093", "text": "They also feature an assortment of exclusive products, services and features customized to the neighborhoods they serve.  Digital initiatives that enhance the shopping experience are woven into the concept, including technology that allows customers to skip the checkout line and pay for their purchases via the 7-Eleven app."}
{"id": "doc5094", "text": "Other features include: •    Made-to-order specialty drinks that give customers the option to customize their drinks in a full-service beverage format including custom hot coffee drinks like flavored lattes, mochas and more as well as custom cold drinks like smoothies, agua frescas and cold brew coffee;"}
{"id": "doc5095", "text": "•    Self-serve specialty coffee drinks with the addition of touch-screen machines that brew custom hot coffee drinks like lattes, cappuccinos, espresso shots and more in just seconds; "}
{"id": "doc5096", "text": "•     Cold treats bar with multiple frozen yogurt and ice cream  with multiple toppings;•    National brand electronics such as tablets and Bluetooth headphones available for sale from a secure, self-serve kiosk;  •    On-the-go beauty with expanded skin care, makeup and other health and beauty items; and"}
{"id": "doc5097", "text": "•    7Now Delivery App – 7-Elevens on-demand delivery app allows customers to   have their favorite items delivered to their door."}
{"id": "doc5098", "text": "•    Certain locations include The Cellar, an alcove dedicated to an expanded selection of wines and craft beers, with a nearby growler station that features a rotating selection of local craft beer, cider and ales on tap. "}
{"id": "doc5099", "text": "“These new stores are invaluable learning labs, where new concepts are tailored to meet the needs of the communities they will serve from sunny southern California to the fast-paced world of the East Coast, said 7-Eleven executive VP and COO Chris Tanco. We will continue to evolve based on customer feedback and we look forward to creating the next generation of convenience together."}
{"id": "doc5100", "text": "In today’s market, no two retail development transactions are alike. Every development project and tenant client have their own challenges; whether it is obtaining variances, creating site accessibility, or assembling land to create a development site. One common trait of a successful developer is knowing the challenges and having the experience of dealing with a wide range of issues that are relevant to each land assemblage transaction. Here are five of the top unknowns in development and how DLC turned them into opportunities for success.Unknown 1: Turning an Irregular and Non-Prototypical Location into a Fully Functioning PrototypeDevelopers need to be able to visualize the transformation of what is currently there to what could be there. Take the Walgreens DLC developed in Paterson, NJ. We were tasked with finding a site for Walgreens directly across from St. Joseph’s Regional Medical Center, a state-designated trauma center that cares for the most complex cases. Securing a site big enough to develop a Walgreens was virtually impossible given the extreme density of the area. We put on our thinking cap and came up with a plan of assembling ten contiguous properties, owned by seven different owners to create a perfect site. Finding the land was only half the battle. Directly across the street from our development location, was a local pharmacy which had an existing multimillion-dollar business with the Hospital. DLC was able to facilitate a deal with the owner, where they would sell the existing business to Walgreens. Not only did we deliver a non-prototypical store that functioned just as well as a prototype, but developed the site with huge retail potential into a location that became a top ten store in the chain within a year."}
{"id": "doc5101", "text": "Unknown 2: Taking Inferior Limited Access and Converting it to Full Access   For the development of a Chick-fil-A site in Farmingdale, NY, site accessibility was the cornerstone factor in the deal. We were tasked with finding a Chick-fil-A site on State Route 110, where 55,000 cars pass daily. It seemed ideal to create a site on a signalized corner with access from all direction. However, at the particular intersection of Gazza Boulevard and State RT. 110, there were no hard corners available to develop. With one parcel of land – one lot off the hard corner – under control, we had to create access back to Gazza Boulevard to create an entry point to the signalized intersection. We negotiated a deal with a local business owner to purchase his parcel of land which ultimately gave us the much-needed access back to Gazza Boulevard. Thanks to the improved accessibility of the site, this Farmingdale location is forecasted to be the top performer in Long Island. Remember, inferior accessibility could render a site useless.Unknown 3: Poor Signage, Poor Business For a Chick-fil-A site in Farmingdale, NY, we had to apply for a few different sign variances. The most important of which was obtaining a variance from the New York State Department of Transportation to allow us to erect a monument sign on State land in between the Chick-fil-A building and Rt. 110. The State did not allow an easy pass for us. Not only did we have to negotiate an easement agreement to use their land, but we also had to show the engineering study that this sign would not impede drivers’ line of vision while exiting the site. We coordinated our efforts with a traffic engineer and after multiple studies, our engineer was able to show the NYSDOT that our sign did not impede drivers’ vision, granting us the right to erect the monument sign. Without this, there would have been poor visibility and the client would have lost a key component to marketing/branding this location. This could have been a deal-breaker if we were unable to erect a monument sign on RT. 110.Unknown 4: Never Underestimate the Importance of Preplanning Meetings and Work Sessions with Governmental Approval GroupsWhen contemplating a site, our development team works with the local municipality, studies municipal rules and regulations, and plans what we will need to apply for in order to obtain our governmental approvals. Our team also conducts research on what has previously been approved in the municipality and leverages this information to help build a case around our pitch. Because no two retail development transactions are alike, we work closely with civil engineers and land use attorneys to fully comprehend each site and entitlements/approvals that run with it. We also coordinate regularly with the Planning Board, Zoning Board, and the Board of Architectural Review in various preplanning meetings, so that come time for our public hearing we know exactly what will need to be done to gain municipal approval and move forward with our development project.Unknown 5: Think about What is Generally Taken for Granted…Utilities Availability and CostWe heavily rely on civil engineers to assist us through the process of contemplating where we will gain our utility connects and where they will run through a site. The goal here is to keep the utility run as short and efficient as possible. In some cases, this means running it through another site before reaching its final destination. If this is the case, we will work closely with the landowner – either the state or a private landowner – to create an easement agreement allowing us to do so. Further, municipalities have enacted a gas moratorium to address the supply-demand imbalances. We need to fully contemplate what the forecast for a development site is and may need to look for alternatives for our clients. Striving for efficiency in running utilities will not only make our development plans easier but will also save on cost. "}
{"id": "doc5102", "text": "Rodd & Gunn has its sights set on expanding in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc5103", "text": "The New Zealand-based menswear brand is on target to have 10 U.S. storefronts by years end. Upcoming locations include the newly expanded Westfield Valley Fair in Santa Clara, Calif., in March, followed by Broadway Plaza in Walnut Creek, Calif., in July, "}
{"id": "doc5104", "text": "The additional Northern California locations will bring Rodd & Gunn’s total U.S. roster to 10 stores, following openings in key locations across the nation, including Newport Beach, Calif.; Los Angeles; San Diego; Brooklyn, N.Y.; Greenwich, Conn.; Dallas and Bellevue, Wash."}
{"id": "doc5105", "text": "Founded in New Zealand in 1946, Rodd & Gunn has evolved into a lifestyle brand with more than 100 stores and shop-in-shops in Australia and New Zealand, along with its eight U.S. stores. In addition to apparel and accessories, Rodd & Gunn also offers footwear, along with an array of bespoke leather luggage handcrafted in New Zealand. The brand is also carried at Nordstrom and select specialty menswear retailers."}
{"id": "doc5106", "text": "Vans has opened its first-ever community-driven retail and event space, a store that celebrates its Los Angeles locale."}
{"id": "doc5107", "text": "The new Vans outpost — the company’s first in downtown Los Angeles — pays homage to the city’s skateboarding roots and thriving art community and features a wide range of the brand’s footwear, apparel and accessories. The two-floor, 11,500-sq.-ft. space features a mural by LA-based artist and designer Geoff McFetridge, who accentuated the raw brick and concrete walls of the building with his signature colorful, minimalist work. The walls are dotted with photographs taken by legendary skateboarders that highlight the city’s importance in skate culture. "}
{"id": "doc5108", "text": "The new Vans also houses a dedicated in-store skate shop that stocks hard goods from assorted Los Angeles-based skateboard brands alongside the full collection of Vans Pro Skate footwear and apparel. It also features a selection of publications curated by the downtown gallery, store and publisher These Days rounds out the retail offering. "}
{"id": "doc5109", "text": "The second floor is home to a community-driven gallery, lounge and workshop space, dubbed Studio808, which was created in partnership with lifestyle magazine Monster Children. The studio will serve as a central hub for consumers and creatives and will offer hands-on art and design workshops, free of charge, with an aim “to build a platform for education to uplift underserved members of the community,” according to Vans."}
{"id": "doc5110", "text": "In line with its community commitment, Vans partnered with non-profit organizations Goodwill and Chrysalis, both of which have workforce development initiatives for previously homeless or at-risk youth, to recruit staff for the store. Vans goal is to hire staff directly from the community in order to develop a diverse workforce."}
{"id": "doc5111", "text": "Our downtown LA store opening signifies a new Vans chapter as we continue our mission and commitment to being community and experience focused, said Carly Gomez, VP of marketing, Americas at Vans. Downtown LA has a rich history of skate culture and artistic freedom.”"}
{"id": "doc5112", "text": "Added Mitch Whitaker, VP/GM, Americas at Vans: For 54 years, Vans has called California home. Were grateful to be reinforcing the brands Southern California roots and legacy through this new space that is both reflective of, and designed for, the community and unique experiences."}
{"id": "doc5113", "text": "Hy-Vee Inc. will soon begin renovations on four QT convenience stores it has purchased in the Des Moines, Iowa, metro area."}
{"id": "doc5114", "text": "The regional, employee-owned supermarket chain will reopen the four QT convenience store locations under the Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh Express brand on March 20. The four stores are located in the Iowa communities of Clive, Urbandale, Johnston, and Windsor Heights."}
{"id": "doc5115", "text": "Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh Express will have traditional convenience store offerings, as well as a variety of meal and snack options, including a fresh food express counter that will serve both breakfast and burgers, sushi, healthy home meal choices, Hy-Vee Short Cuts grab-and-go fruits and vegetables, fresh-fried donuts, bakery options, and other food items. "}
{"id": "doc5116", "text": "Each location will also have a wine and spirits section. In addition, fuel pumps will be available. The four locations’ hours will be 5 a.m. to 11 p.m., seven days a week."}
{"id": "doc5117", "text": "Hy-Vee, Inc. operates more than 265 retail stores across eight Midwestern states with sales of $10 billion annually. "}
{"id": "doc5118", "text": "Natural Life is looking to roll out its unusual store concept."}
{"id": "doc5119", "text": "With four corporate-owned locations in Florida, Natural Life announced it is expanding to a franchise business model.  Natural Life specializes in CBD products as well as holistic plants, including kava, kratom, turmeric, akuamma and more. Stores offer more than 300 products and carry over 20 brands. "}
{"id": "doc5120", "text": "Natural Life expects to have seven locations up and running by early this year, all located in Florida. Two of the new stores are expected to be franchised. Expansion plans include multiple markets in Florida, the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and the West Coast, including California."}
{"id": "doc5121", "text": "Founder Gabriel Suarez said he established Natural Life with the goal of helping those in need find alternatives to their ailments.  He noted that all products sold at Natural Life carry liability insurance, which he called unique in the CBD industry, and that all brands are compliant with all upcoming 2020 regulations. In addition, Natural Life does its own third-party lab testing, regardless if the manufacturer provides its own test results. “Consumers are looking for a shopping experience that they can trust, said Suarez. At Natural Life Franchise Corp., we set ourselves apart with our commitment to quality products that undergo third-party lab testing on a regular basis. Our employees all receive training on CBD."}
{"id": "doc5122", "text": "A specialty beauty powerhouse will open the most North American stores in a single year in its history."}
{"id": "doc5123", "text": "Sephora will open 100 new store locations across North America in 2020, more than it has opened on the continent in any prior year and more than double the number of openings from 2019. The stores will be located in street and local centers, as well as a mix of new and established shopping centers. In an interview with CNBC, Jeff Gaul, senior VP of real estate and store development, Sephora, said the focus will be on more off-mall sites."}
{"id": "doc5124", "text": "“We are getting closer to where she lives and works, where she does most of her errands ... where she can pull right up and grab something, Gaul said."}
{"id": "doc5125", "text": "The retailer, owned by luxury global giant LVMH, did not specify any of the exact locations. But it said that the stores will be located in more than 75 cities centered around local neighborhoods and community centers, including Charlotte, N.C., Nashville, and San Jose, Calif."}
{"id": "doc5126", "text": "The stores will feature a sleek architectural and visual design that reflects  Sephoras signature look and feel. The retailer will utilize more cost-effective materials, which it said will allow deeper investment in customer-centric experiences and services, and employee development. Additionally, all new stores will be powered by 100% renewable energy, helping to reduce the retailer’s energy consumption and tying into its sustainability program."}
{"id": "doc5127", "text": "As part of Sephoras expansion, the mix will  include a smaller, 4,000-sq.-ft. format that is designed to allow Sephora to more seamlessly integrate into street and local center locations. It will feature layout changes, including a more prominent upfront location for haircare and skincare,  as well as a new Sephora Studio for skin and beauty services. The stores will keep the retailers Beauty Advisor service along with in-store offerings such as mobile checkout, Find Your Fragrance and Beauty on the Fly."}
{"id": "doc5128", "text": "Sephora also plans to include store features such as sleek, easy-to-navigate fixtures at the front of the store, digital beauty tools like Sephora Color IQ technology that scans the surface of a customer’s skin and assigns it a special number, which reveals scientifically precise foundation, concealer, and lip recommendations, and the Sephora Digital Makeover Guide, which tracks all products used or recommended to customers during their in-store service and emails details to them for future reference. "}
{"id": "doc5129", "text": "“Everything we do at Sephora is with our clients’ evolving needs in mind,” said Gaul. “In looking at where and how today’s beauty lover is shopping, there’s no doubt that there’s a trend toward more local shopping destinations. This year, clients can expect to see more Sephora stores not only in malls and high-traffic shopping centers, but also closer to home. These locations are meant to complement our existing fleet and give clients a more personalized and customized experience.”"}
{"id": "doc5130", "text": " As we look at ways to continue to be more inclusive and accessible, brick-and-mortar continues to be a huge opportunity for us to deepen emotional connections with our clients and local communities,  said Jean André Rougeot, CEO of Sephora Americas. It’s through our interactive store environment, our best-in-class educational tools and services and incredible engagements with our beauty advisors that we are able to best service and inspire clients on their beauty journey.”"}
{"id": "doc5131", "text": "Every year there are new trends that rise that not only impact a number of brands but an entire sector. 2019 was no different, with huge breakthroughs coming across the retail and commercial real estate landscape. "}
{"id": "doc5132", "text": "Placer.ai decided to look back at the year, and highlight some of the most important trends that defined 2019 and could have a critical impact in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5133", "text": "From the rise of mega projects in the world of commercial real estate to a new approach to store closures, the biggest stories of 2020 may have already been uncovered in 2019.You can read the full report here."}
{"id": "doc5134", "text": "The Rise of the Mega Project "}
{"id": "doc5135", "text": "Hudson Yards launched, Essex Crossing continued to rise and the Boston Seaport established itself as one of the hottest retail locations in the country. The common thread between the three? They all served as proof that the growing Mega-Project trend has staying power. "}
{"id": "doc5136", "text": "When Hudson Yards officially launched in March 2019 the site quickly saw visits that reached the levels of other NYC landmarks. The ability of the location to sustain this interest with a mix of high-end retail and Instagram-worthy visuals demonstrated the ability of well-developed projects to stand above the noise, even in one of the most crowded locations in the world."}
{"id": "doc5137", "text": "Celebrating Store Closures?"}
{"id": "doc5138", "text": "2019 taught us that not all store closures are equal. While some are certainly the result of overexpansion or brands that are struggling to maintain engagement, there is another critical cause - optimization. "}
{"id": "doc5139", "text": "Earlier this year, Walmart announced the closure of several Supercenters - the brand’s flagship store format - leading to concern of wider troubles. Yet, digging in showed a very different story. Walmart wasn’t randomly closing stores, but removing locations where the primary competitor was a different Walmart Supercenter.  "}
{"id": "doc5140", "text": "Walmart wasn’t struggling, they were optimizing. "}
{"id": "doc5141", "text": "The impact here is that in some cases the decision to close stores shouldn’t be cause for panic, but instead, a reason to feel even more confident in a company’s long term viability. With brands from Best Buy to Macy’s talking about store closures, this concept provides a critical lens from which to view their actions. Not every store closure is equal, and some may lay the foundation for future success and growth."}
{"id": "doc5142", "text": "Filling the Retail Vacuum"}
{"id": "doc5143", "text": "Sears, Dress Barn, Kmart and others are among the list of declining, if not already extinct retail brands. Yet, with every empty location comes an opportunity for new or different brands to fill the gap and leverage the opportunity to maximize their offline retail potential. 2019 has been marked by the rise of a group of brands that fit this trend from Lululemon to Nike. The latter has enjoyed an exceptionally strong year with nearly constant year-over-year visit growth in each month of 2019.  "}
{"id": "doc5144", "text": "Lululemon’s growth has been equally impressive with the brand augmenting its widescale expansion with pushes for greater same-store optimization led by a heavier push into men’s apparel and a plan for new store formats. Yet, both of these brands are part of something much bigger - classic product brands that are pushing more into offline retail. Whether it be boosting direct consumer relationships, improving national distribution or taking advantage of higher in-store conversion rates, the trend of product companies filling the retail vacuum is likely to pick up pace in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5145", "text": "Poultry and Veganism Dominate QSR"}
{"id": "doc5146", "text": "The battle for the biggest story of 2019 in QSR likely comes down to a tight race between the rise of vegan options and the pull of Fast Food chicken. Popeyes had one of the most impressive product launches of the year buoyed by the #chickenwars feud with Chick-fil-A. The brand saw a huge traffic increase upon the launch and then an even more impressive peak when they relaunched the product later in the year following a sell-out of the product. Yet, poultry-based success wasn’t limited to Popeyes with Chick-fil-A continuing its seemingly endless growth to the top of the QSR mountain - all without selling a single item on Sundays. "}
{"id": "doc5147", "text": "Not to be outdone was the rise of veganism within a QSR kingdom far more connected with beef and chicken. But the strong success of early roll-outs prompted nearly every top QSR brand to experiment and deliver its own answer to the growing plant-based trend. The stark rise and success show a unique staying power that may come to define a great deal of success in QSR’s 2020 landscape."}
{"id": "doc5148", "text": "Maximizing Retail Footprints"}
{"id": "doc5149", "text": "CVS launched Health Hubs, Wendy’s announced a new breakfast menu, Panera moved into dinner and Lululemon put a restaurant and Yoga studio in its flagship store. The thread that ties all these stories together? A desire to maximize each brand’s retail footprint. "}
{"id": "doc5150", "text": "Instead of just focusing on expanding to more locations, top brands are looking to improve efficiency by maximizing the output of each existing location. In QSR that means creating a full day menu that can drive revenue from breakfast through dinner. For CVS and Lululemon it means offering services that can drive visits during off-peak hours and provide a new revenue stream while simultaneously creating new opportunities for purchases. The ability to maximize the earning potential of each location is a key factor in creating a powerful and sustainable retail footprint and the push to do so will likely spread even more widely in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5151", "text": "Conclusion"}
{"id": "doc5152", "text": "The ‘retail apocalypse’ narrative certainly had its roots in truth with much of the traditional retail landscape struggling to evolve with the times. Yet, as catchy as the title was, it was exceptionally misleading. The world of offline retail is here to stay with many of the biggest - formerly, online-only retailers diving deeper into the world of physical retail. But the real question isn’t whether the world of offline retail is ending, but which strategies will set apart the next wave of giants in the space. "}
{"id": "doc5153", "text": "And the first look at the strategies that will define 2020 may just come from looking back at those that took off in 2019. "}
{"id": "doc5154", "text": "Read the full Placer.ai report here or see what insights you can pull at Placer.ai for free. "}
{"id": "doc5155", "text": "Mars Retail Group is opening three new M&M’s “experiential” stores, including a 24,000-sq.-ft. flagship at Mall of America. "}
{"id": "doc5156", "text": "In addition to Mall of America, the candy giant will open at Disney Springs, Orlando, Fla., and Berlin, Germany. Each of the three stores will celebrate the culture and spirit of the local community, both in design and merchandise. "}
{"id": "doc5157", "text": "In addition, the new locations will feature M&Ms signature store elements such as the iconic “Wall of Chocolate,” larger than life characters moments and a personalization experience that enables shoppers to create custom M&Ms candies. The stores will also offer new interactive features designed to engage shoppers."}
{"id": "doc5158", "text": "Our aspiration will always be to bring the best of the M&MS brand experience to our consumers in each retail location, said Patrick McIntyre, director of global retail at Mars Retail Group. Our new stores are advancing in design and experience to create a true connection and commitment to place alongside exciting digital and analog moments. We are bringing the brand to life in an immersive way."}
{"id": "doc5159", "text": "Here is an overview of the three new M&MS retail stores. •    The expansion will kick-off with the relocation of the existing M&Ms experiential store in Orlando, Fla., to Disney Springs at Walt Disney World Resort. Construction is expected to begin immediately with an anticipated 2020 opening date."}
{"id": "doc5160", "text": "•    Following the revitalization in Orlando, M&Ms will open a two-story, 24,000-sq.-ft. flagship at Mall of America. The space will feature region-specific décor that clearly distinguishes the location, paying homage to Midwest culture. The store is expected to open in late 2020, prior to the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc5161", "text": "•    In early 2021, the brand will open its first experiential store in continental Europe, in Berlin. Located on the citys premiere shopping avenue, the decor will be inspired by the local art and beauty of Berlin."}
{"id": "doc5162", "text": "The future stores, strategically placed in culturally-vibrant areas where our shoppers would expect us to be, reaffirm our goal to connect with fun-seekers and chocolate enthusiasts, said McIntyre. "}
{"id": "doc5163", "text": "Mars Retail Group worked closely with commercial real estate services and investment firm CBRE Group to identify the new retail locations."}
{"id": "doc5164", "text": "“Mars Retail Group is forward-thinking and very intentional in creating physical M&MS Brand experiences to the surprise and delight their customers in ways most brands are just starting to think about, said David Close, retail executive director at CBRE. It continues to be a dream partnership as we collaborate to bring this vision to life in the most distinct and desired destinations across the globe. "}
{"id": "doc5165", "text": "The new M&M’s stores will join the existing locations across North America, Europe, and Asia, including New York, Las Vegas, London and Shanghai."}
{"id": "doc5166", "text": "Sportsmans Warehouse Holdings is expanding into a new market. "}
{"id": "doc5167", "text": "The sporting goods retailer announced plans to open three new stores. A location will open in Parker, Colo., in February, followed by one in Brentwood, Calif., in August. And in October, Sportsman’s will open its first location in Southern California, in the town of Corona."}
{"id": "doc5168", "text": "The three new locations are Sportsmans first announced store openings in 2020, with additional openings likely to be announced in the near future.  Including the three new outposts, Sportsmans will have a total of 107 stores in 27 states."}
{"id": "doc5169", "text": "“While other competitors de-emphasize or exit the space, Sportsmans continues to opportunistically open new stores and grow our business through both e-commerce and store locations,” stated Jon Barker, Sportsmans CEO."}
{"id": "doc5170", "text": "Tropical Smoothie Café had record growth in 2019 and it’s nowhere near being finished."}
{"id": "doc5171", "text": "The fast-casual chain, known for its smoothies and food with a tropical twist, opened 124 cafes throughout the U.S. last year, ending the year with approximately 830 locations. It has set a goal of having 1,500 cafes opened during the next five years. Tropical Smoothie Café said signed 213 franchise agreements in 2019, with more than 60% of those agreements coming from its existing franchisees. "}
{"id": "doc5172", "text": "“We’re proud to reflect on 2019, recognizing it as a record-breaking year for Tropical Smoothie Cafe as we opened more cafes and sold more franchise agreements than any other year in our company history,” said Charles Watson, CEO. “To top it off, we experienced same-store sales twice the industry average. As we enter a new decade, our goal is to continue propelling the success and profitability of our dedicated franchisees, existing and new, by investing heavily in operations execution and support, the digital guest experience and technology to support cafe operations.” "}
{"id": "doc5173", "text": "Wawa has gone small."}
{"id": "doc5174", "text": "The convenience store retailer debuted a new store format in Philadelphia’s Center City. The store marks the debut of the chain’s first-ever pick-up window, which allows for speedy service via mobile orders and online orders. "}
{"id": "doc5175", "text": "At 3,000 sq. ft., the new location is half the size of a standard Wawa. In addition to the pickup window, a new Good To Go section includes a variety of hot and cold express items (including the chain’s first hot-to-go case) for customers to grab, pay and go on their way. Also new is a self-serve hot tea bar. "}
{"id": "doc5176", "text": "“At Wawa, we strive to accommodate our customers in multiple ways and this new store design is geared towards meeting the needs of our local community members who require quick food options without sacrificing fresh and quality ingredients to fuel their daily routine,” said David Simonetti, senior director of store operations for Wawa. "}
{"id": "doc5177", "text": "The new store will aim to reduce its environmental footprint by introducing compostable straws, reusable bags and an option to purchase a reusable mug for coffee or hot beverages. "}
{"id": "doc5178", "text": "The privately owned Wawa operates more than 880 convenience stores (over 600 offering fuel) in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Florida and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc5179", "text": "•    New line of “Good To Go,” City officials and Welcome America leadership will join grand opening festivities to celebrate Wawa’s longstanding title sponsorship of the annual Wawa Welcome America Festival and publicly announce Wawa’s commitment as title sponsor of the annual festival through 2024; translating into free programming, entertainment and continuing the City of Philadelphia’s tradition of celebrating the Fourth of July in the birthplace of our Independence. "}
{"id": "doc5180", "text": "•    In a continued effort to reduce the chronically homeless street population in the City of Philadelphia, Wawa will join forces with founding members from PA Convention Center, PREIT, among others to announce its support of PHL Cares, an initiative aimed at providing permanent supportive housing units for 100 homeless people.    To honor the bravery of our everyday heroes, the grand opening event will conclude with a signature Hoagies for Heroes, hoagie building competition where teams from Philadelphia Police Department and Philadelphia Fire Department will face off to see who can build the most hoagies in three minutes in the traditional Wawa way. Wawa will conclude the Hoagies for Heroes competitions by presenting checks on behalf of the winning and runner up teams, for $1,000 to the charities of their choice. "}
{"id": "doc5181", "text": "A magazine that has been advocating for the legalization of marijuana for 45 years is getting into the retail business in two of the largest cannabis markets in the United States. "}
{"id": "doc5182", "text": "Hightimes Holdings, parent company of the storied High Times magazine, announced it will open two flagship stores, in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, offering cannabis under dispensary licenses. The stores will be branded with the High Times name and will carry High Times logo memorabilia and other licensed products of the company, as well as cannabis products from some of the top cannabis brands in the respective states."}
{"id": "doc5183", "text": "In addition, the stores will include an area dedicated to award-winning brands from High Times’ Cannabis Cup events. Hightimes said it hopes to announce further locations to add to its contemplated retail business expansion in the coming weeks. "}
{"id": "doc5184", "text": "This announcement comes in conjunction with the hiring of Paul Henderson, former CEO of a multi-national vertical cannabis company Grupo Flor, as High Times’ president. It also comes shortly after the company named Stormy Simon, the former president of Overstock, as CEO."}
{"id": "doc5185", "text": "“There is no brand in Cannabis that compares to High Times,” said Henderson. “The cannabis movement has grown in no small part due to the High Times brand, and we will continue to be the source for the highest quality product in this industry – just on a much more personal and direct level.”"}
{"id": "doc5186", "text": "Heading into a new decade, savvy retailers are firming up their strategies for success — especially when it comes to driving customer engagement at store-level."}
{"id": "doc5187", "text": "As 2020 approaches, retailers are ready to innovate and adopt new concepts — from innovation to immersive experiences — to improve their customer relevancy going forward. Many of these concepts will be front and center at Chain Store Age’s SPECS 2020 conference, held March 15-17 at the Gaylord Texan. "}
{"id": "doc5188", "text": "From localization and collaboration to new methods of customer engagement, here are the strategies that retailers expect to play a bigger role in 2020: "}
{"id": "doc5189", "text": "Brands are exploring different opportunities, from store-within-a-store pop-ups to buy-online-pick-up-in-store (BOPIS) departments, as well as revamped front end solutions augmented by self-checkout technology and new service offerings. For example, when Staples began moving larger, bulkier inventory out of stores and into warehouses to await online order fulfillment, it had to find a way to fill newly emptied square footage. For Staples this new opportunity was the addition of a co-working concept."}
{"id": "doc5190", "text": "“Instead of losing sales per square footage, we found a way to offer a new service and leverage available space in stores across our network,” David Schulman, Staples’ VP of real estate, said this month at the ICSC New York Deal Making Conference in New York City. "}
{"id": "doc5191", "text": "The retailer unveiled its co-working concept, called Staples Studio, in June. Designed for small businesses, entrepreneurs and commuters, the new format offers an environment where “businesses can focus on creating, collaborating and connecting in shared workspaces and private or shared offices,” according to the company."}
{"id": "doc5192", "text": "The spaces, which also feature community kitchens stocked with beverages and snacks and meeting rooms, also give users access to a podcasting studio, and unlimited black and white printing. Members are also entitled to 500 color printed business cards and TSA pre-application program enrollment. "}
{"id": "doc5193", "text": "The first Staples Studios opened in three stores in Massachusetts (Brighton, Danvers and Norwood), and the company planned to open additional locations in Boston-area sites."}
{"id": "doc5194", "text": "Similarly, Office Depot debuted a similar concept last August, at its store in Los Gatos, California. It followed up the effort in April, by opening a Workonomy Hub coworking space at its stores in Lake Zurich, Illinois, and Irving, Texas."}
{"id": "doc5195", "text": "For Shake Shack, this includes creating new burgers that reflect the history of the community, or using locally-sourced ingredients. The burger chain also invests in technology that enables local customers to easily order, pick up or pay for meals based on their preferences or buying patterns. "}
{"id": "doc5196", "text": "“Retailers that create a partnership with landlords are interested in growing and being successful in the long-term,” David Krueger, Ulta’s senior VP, growth and development, shared at ICSC. "}
{"id": "doc5197", "text": "“Brands are often interested in hearing a property owner’s strategies to ensure their retail centers can become vibrant community destinations, and the role the retailer can play in this plan,” he said. “It’s all about both parties having mutual respect for each other and building a relationship.”"}
{"id": "doc5198", "text": "“Top Retail Center Experiences,” “Trends in Immersive Experiences,” and “The Future of Store Design” are just a sample of sessions at SPECS 2020 that will delve into these concepts. To join us at SPECS 2020, March 15-17, 2020, at the Gaylord Texan, Grapevine (Dallas), click here to register. "}
{"id": "doc5199", "text": "A fast-casual chicken chain is rolling out a new in-store mobile ordering feature."}
{"id": "doc5200", "text": "Chick-Fil-A is introducing “dine-in mobile ordering.” This new ordering option enables customers to order from a table in the restaurant via the Chick-Fil-A app and have it delivered directly to their table, eliminating the need to stand in line or place an order at the counter. Starting Thursday, Oct. 17, dine-in mobile ordering is available at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide."}
{"id": "doc5201", "text": "Dine-in mobile ordering works in three steps: Placing a dine-in order via the mobile app; finding a table in the Chick-Fil-A dining room or patio and tapping a smartphone to a table number; and a store associate bringing the meal to the customer’s table using their table number. "}
{"id": "doc5202", "text": "Chick-Fil-A has integrated near field communication (NFC) technology into the table numbers to enable customers to tap their phone on the table number to check in. Customers can also use the dine-in mobile ordering feature to order additional menu items and have the food delivered to their table."}
{"id": "doc5203", "text": "Customers can order from the full Chick-Fil-A menu with this feature and will receive Chick-Fil-A One points toward rewards with dine-in mobile ordering. Chick-Fil-A restaurants will still continue to take orders at the front counter and drive-thru."}
{"id": "doc5204", "text": "Chick-Fil-A began testing dine-in mobile ordering in 2018 at 80 restaurants in Tampa, Nashville, Seattle, San Francisco, and Silicon Valley. Since the test began, the company says it has received positive feedback from customers, particularly from those with large parties or families with children. Internal Chick-fil-A research indicated that 92% of customers surveyed that used dine-in mobile ordering found the feature appealing due to ease and convenience."}
{"id": "doc5205", "text": "So many of our customers busy lives and commitments have them strapped for time,” said Khalilah Cooper, Chick-Fil-A director, service & hospitality. “Dine-in mobile ordering is one way we can help them get a quick, yet high-quality meal. This technology will be particularly helpful for busy parents who can now head straight into the restaurant and have their meal brought to their table at their convenience, without waiting in line."}
{"id": "doc5206", "text": "Atlanta-based Chick-Fil-A, Inc. operates more than 2,400 restaurants in 47 states, Washington, D.C., and Canada."}
{"id": "doc5207", "text": "Chick-fil-A’s first foray into an overseas market has been marked by controversy. "}
{"id": "doc5208", "text": "The U.S. fast-food giant opened a site at The Oracle shopping center in Reading, England, on Oct. 10. But the shopping center has already said it will not extend the restaurant’s lease, citing pressure from local LGBTQ rights group Reading Pride, reported the BBC."}
{"id": "doc5209", "text": "“We always look to introduce new concepts for our customers, however, we have decided on this occasion that the right thing to do is to only allow Chick-Fil-A to trade with us for the initial six-month pilot period, and not to extend the lease any further, The Oracle stated. "}
{"id": "doc5210", "text": "Chick-fil-A, which ranks as the nation’s third largest restaurant chain by sales, has faced criticism at home for donations to certain groups that some consider anti-LGBTQ. In March, the company lost out on a contract to open a location at the San Antonio International Airport after some city council members raised concerns with the brand’s record on LGBTQ issues."}
{"id": "doc5211", "text": "In opposing Chick-fil-A, the Reading Pride group in the U.K. cited donations the chain made to three specific organizations, including the Salvation Army and the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, that it said have a reputation of being hostile to LGBT rights. Chick-fil-A had previously told the BBC: Our giving has always focused on youth and education. We have never donated with the purpose of supporting a social or political agenda.”"}
{"id": "doc5212", "text": "Chick-fil-A is taking a more “focused giving” approach to its philanthropic initiatives. It also reportedly will stop donations to charities with anti-LGBT views."}
{"id": "doc5213", "text": "Starting in 2020, the fast-casual restaurant giant said it will expand its giving to a smaller number of organizations working exclusively in the areas of education, homelessness and hunger. The company will no longer make donations to the Salvation Army, the Fellowship of Christian Athletes and the Paul Anderson Youth Home, reported Bisnow. The organizations have been criticized by the LGBT community due to the organizations’ views on homosexuality and Chick-fil-A has had to deal with mounting backlash. In March, the company lost out on a contract to open a location at the San Antonio International Airport after some city council members raised concerns with the brand’s record on LGBTQ issues."}
{"id": "doc5214", "text": "Instead of the 300 philanthropic organizations that Chick-fil-A donated to this year, the company will expand its partnership in 2020 with two groups: Covenant House International and Junior Achievement USA. It also will dedicate $25,000 to a local food bank each time it opens a new location."}
{"id": "doc5215", "text": "The new giving structure also moves away from the multiyear commitments Chick-fil-A had with the Salvation Army and the FCA and focuses on annual grants, which will be reviewed and assessed each year, Bisnow said. Future partners could include faith-based and non-faith-based charities, but the company said none of the organizations have anti-LGBT positions, the report said."}
{"id": "doc5216", "text": "To read the full story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc5217", "text": "Chick-fil-A’s first foray into an overseas market has been marked by controversy. "}
{"id": "doc5218", "text": "The U.S. fast-food giant opened a site at The Oracle shopping center in Reading, England, on Oct. 10. But the shopping center has already said it will not extend the restaurant’s lease, citing pressure from local LGBTQ rights group Reading Pride, reported the BBC."}
{"id": "doc5219", "text": "“We always look to introduce new concepts for our customers, however, we have decided on this occasion that the right thing to do is to only allow Chick-Fil-A to trade with us for the initial six-month pilot period, and not to extend the lease any further, The Oracle stated. "}
{"id": "doc5220", "text": "Chick-fil-A, which ranks as the nation’s third largest restaurant chain by sales, has faced criticism at home for donations to certain groups that some consider anti-LGBTQ. In March, the company lost out on a contract to open a location at the San Antonio International Airport after some city council members raised concerns with the brand’s record on LGBTQ issues."}
{"id": "doc5221", "text": "In opposing Chick-fil-A, the Reading Pride group in the U.K. cited donations the chain made to three specific organizations, including the Salvation Army and the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, that it said have a reputation of being hostile to LGBT rights. Chick-fil-A had previously told the BBC: Our giving has always focused on youth and education. We have never donated with the purpose of supporting a social or political agenda.”"}
{"id": "doc5222", "text": "A fast-casual chicken chain is rolling out a new in-store mobile ordering feature."}
{"id": "doc5223", "text": "Chick-Fil-A is introducing “dine-in mobile ordering.” This new ordering option enables customers to order from a table in the restaurant via the Chick-Fil-A app and have it delivered directly to their table, eliminating the need to stand in line or place an order at the counter. Starting Thursday, Oct. 17, dine-in mobile ordering is available at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide."}
{"id": "doc5224", "text": "Dine-in mobile ordering works in three steps: Placing a dine-in order via the mobile app; finding a table in the Chick-Fil-A dining room or patio and tapping a smartphone to a table number; and a store associate bringing the meal to the customer’s table using their table number. "}
{"id": "doc5225", "text": "Chick-Fil-A has integrated near field communication (NFC) technology into the table numbers to enable customers to tap their phone on the table number to check in. Customers can also use the dine-in mobile ordering feature to order additional menu items and have the food delivered to their table."}
{"id": "doc5226", "text": "Customers can order from the full Chick-Fil-A menu with this feature and will receive Chick-Fil-A One points toward rewards with dine-in mobile ordering. Chick-Fil-A restaurants will still continue to take orders at the front counter and drive-thru."}
{"id": "doc5227", "text": "Chick-Fil-A began testing dine-in mobile ordering in 2018 at 80 restaurants in Tampa, Nashville, Seattle, San Francisco, and Silicon Valley. Since the test began, the company says it has received positive feedback from customers, particularly from those with large parties or families with children. Internal Chick-fil-A research indicated that 92% of customers surveyed that used dine-in mobile ordering found the feature appealing due to ease and convenience."}
{"id": "doc5228", "text": "So many of our customers busy lives and commitments have them strapped for time,” said Khalilah Cooper, Chick-Fil-A director, service & hospitality. “Dine-in mobile ordering is one way we can help them get a quick, yet high-quality meal. This technology will be particularly helpful for busy parents who can now head straight into the restaurant and have their meal brought to their table at their convenience, without waiting in line."}
{"id": "doc5229", "text": "Atlanta-based Chick-Fil-A, Inc. operates more than 2,400 restaurants in 47 states, Washington, D.C., and Canada."}
{"id": "doc5230", "text": "Chick-fil-A is taking a more “focused giving” approach to its philanthropic initiatives. It also reportedly will stop donations to charities with anti-LGBT views."}
{"id": "doc5231", "text": "Starting in 2020, the fast-casual restaurant giant said it will expand its giving to a smaller number of organizations working exclusively in the areas of education, homelessness and hunger. The company will no longer make donations to the Salvation Army, the Fellowship of Christian Athletes and the Paul Anderson Youth Home, reported Bisnow. The organizations have been criticized by the LGBT community due to the organizations’ views on homosexuality and Chick-fil-A has had to deal with mounting backlash. In March, the company lost out on a contract to open a location at the San Antonio International Airport after some city council members raised concerns with the brand’s record on LGBTQ issues."}
{"id": "doc5232", "text": "Instead of the 300 philanthropic organizations that Chick-fil-A donated to this year, the company will expand its partnership in 2020 with two groups: Covenant House International and Junior Achievement USA. It also will dedicate $25,000 to a local food bank each time it opens a new location."}
{"id": "doc5233", "text": "The new giving structure also moves away from the multiyear commitments Chick-fil-A had with the Salvation Army and the FCA and focuses on annual grants, which will be reviewed and assessed each year, Bisnow said. Future partners could include faith-based and non-faith-based charities, but the company said none of the organizations have anti-LGBT positions, the report said."}
{"id": "doc5234", "text": "To read the full story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc5235", "text": "A fast-casual chicken chain is rolling out a new in-store mobile ordering feature."}
{"id": "doc5236", "text": "Chick-Fil-A is introducing “dine-in mobile ordering.” This new ordering option enables customers to order from a table in the restaurant via the Chick-Fil-A app and have it delivered directly to their table, eliminating the need to stand in line or place an order at the counter. Starting Thursday, Oct. 17, dine-in mobile ordering is available at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide."}
{"id": "doc5237", "text": "Dine-in mobile ordering works in three steps: Placing a dine-in order via the mobile app; finding a table in the Chick-Fil-A dining room or patio and tapping a smartphone to a table number; and a store associate bringing the meal to the customer’s table using their table number. "}
{"id": "doc5238", "text": "Chick-Fil-A has integrated near field communication (NFC) technology into the table numbers to enable customers to tap their phone on the table number to check in. Customers can also use the dine-in mobile ordering feature to order additional menu items and have the food delivered to their table."}
{"id": "doc5239", "text": "Customers can order from the full Chick-Fil-A menu with this feature and will receive Chick-Fil-A One points toward rewards with dine-in mobile ordering. Chick-Fil-A restaurants will still continue to take orders at the front counter and drive-thru."}
{"id": "doc5240", "text": "Chick-Fil-A began testing dine-in mobile ordering in 2018 at 80 restaurants in Tampa, Nashville, Seattle, San Francisco, and Silicon Valley. Since the test began, the company says it has received positive feedback from customers, particularly from those with large parties or families with children. Internal Chick-fil-A research indicated that 92% of customers surveyed that used dine-in mobile ordering found the feature appealing due to ease and convenience."}
{"id": "doc5241", "text": "So many of our customers busy lives and commitments have them strapped for time,” said Khalilah Cooper, Chick-Fil-A director, service & hospitality. “Dine-in mobile ordering is one way we can help them get a quick, yet high-quality meal. This technology will be particularly helpful for busy parents who can now head straight into the restaurant and have their meal brought to their table at their convenience, without waiting in line."}
{"id": "doc5242", "text": "Atlanta-based Chick-Fil-A, Inc. operates more than 2,400 restaurants in 47 states, Washington, D.C., and Canada."}
{"id": "doc5243", "text": "Economists at Northwestern, Stanford, and the University of Chicago have a novel method for predicting job growth. They track the number and size of tax code provisions expected to change, scan reports from the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia’s Survey of Professional Forecasters, and monitor the frequency of keywords used in 10 major newspapers. The result is the Economic Policy Uncertainty (EPU) index, and it’s proved quite accurate. In 2009, when the EPU rose 60%, job growth fell 4%. In 2015, the EPU declined nearly 40% and jobs increased by 2%."}
{"id": "doc5244", "text": "Real estate investors check indicators like these to gauge the timing of their sales and purchases. More jobs mean more home and retail purchases. Fewer jobs mean less. In a report called “A New Dawn in Retail,” MetLife Investment Management saw a 7% rise in uncertainty doubling to 15% in 2019 and predicted a job slowdown on the horizon. "}
{"id": "doc5245", "text": "MetLife researchers didn’t see this affecting the office and apartment real estate sectors, since the construction pipeline for 2020 and 2021 is running slow. Retail, meanwhile, they proclaimed too hard to call due to the winds of change roiling the sector."}
{"id": "doc5246", "text": "The two big wild cards in retail are the growth of experience-based retailers and the future effect that e-com food sellers might have on grocery-anchored centers."}
{"id": "doc5247", "text": "It’s no secret that a successful retail center of any kind in 2019 — be it an outdoor center or an enclosed mall — must re-jigger its mix to include a wide variety of food, beverage, and entertainment-based tenants. In 2016, MetLife established a metric called the “experience-to-stuff ratio” that it calculated at 1.3x — that is, for every dollar shoppers spent on merchandise, they spent $1.30 on experiences like eating, bowling, movie-going, drinking, and Legolanding."}
{"id": "doc5248", "text": "Just three years later, the experience-to-stuff ratio has climbed to $1.5x, meaning that visitors to retail centers spend 50% more on experiences than they do on merchandise in stores. MetLife credits this trend for a move by retailers toward smaller store sizes. The report noted that that the median store footprint decreased by 1.2% between 2017 and 2018."}
{"id": "doc5249", "text": "One percent doesn’t sound like much, but the decrease is coming from a segment of leading edge of sellers of stuff that are “right-sizing” their footprints by 20% or even 40%."}
{"id": "doc5250", "text": "MetLife researchers wrote that “we believe many goods-based retailers are increasingly using their stores as showrooms, to help boost their online sales. The result is less need for inventory, and less need for a large format space.”"}
{"id": "doc5251", "text": "They counted grocers to be chief among those shrinking their footprints, led by international grocers such as Aldi and Trader Joe’s that have employed technology to trim their inventories by customizing the shelves with products known to sell best in each location."}
{"id": "doc5252", "text": "Online food merchants like Instacart, Amazon, and Peapod now claim just 2.5% of market share, but MetLife predicts that their portion will more than double to 7% in just the next four years.  "}
{"id": "doc5253", "text": "A well-known brick-and-mortar grocer with one of the biggest store footprints in the land is listening. Sam’s Club has introduced Sam’s Now, a “mobile first” store that takes most of its orders online and has the goods ready for customers to pick up. The average Sam’s Club is 134,000 sq. ft. Sam’s Now stores are under 30,000 sq. ft. "}
{"id": "doc5254", "text": "What will be the state of physical retail in the 21st Century? That’s a question on the minds of everybody in retail, and an elite group of developers is endeavoring to answer it with bold new projects and spectacular renovations. The editorial board of Chain Store Age recognized these eight properties as the Breakout Retail Centers of 2020 in the magazine’s March-April edition."}
{"id": "doc5255", "text": "Promenade @ Granite Run – Media, Pa."}
{"id": "doc5256", "text": "BET Investments bought the old Granite Run Mall at auction in 2013 after former owners Simon and Macerich gave it back to their lenders. BET demolished the mall and put this 830.000 sq. ft. outdoor center including luxury apartments in its place. "}
{"id": "doc5257", "text": "Some 768,000 people live within a 10-mile radius of Granite Run. That’s 170,000 more than the nearby King of Prussia Mall and 450,000 more than the neighboring Exton Square Mall. Forty-plus tenants flocked to Promenade, among them Kohls, Cinemark, Acme market, Modell’s, Petco, Miller Ale House, Edge Fitness, and Panera Bread."}
{"id": "doc5258", "text": "“We observed that value retailers and entertainment options were in short supply in the area,” said Michael Markman, president of BET investments. “A lof of B and C malls are trying to reinvent themselves but, short of tearing the mall down and starting over, it’s tough to do.”"}
{"id": "doc5259", "text": "RIO – Gaithersburg, Md."}
{"id": "doc5260", "text": "“When we built this center, it was state of the art. Twenty years later, the world around us had changed,” said Paul Weinschenk, president of retail at Peterson Companies, which owns this lakefront property and runs it along with Circle Management."}
{"id": "doc5261", "text": "So Peterson spent $30 million for a wholesale makeover of what was once known as The Washingtonian Center. It expanded its boardwalks, added a floating barge for hanging out or watching concerts, and added lakeside terraces to bars and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc5262", "text": "The transformation also meant parting ways with tenants that had helped make a success of what once was known as The Washingtonian Center. “Macaroni Grill was sitting on the lake but not taking advantage of it,” Weinshenk said. "}
{"id": "doc5263", "text": "Now Yard House, Silver Diner, and True Foods have opened at RIO with lake-view windows and seating. Other new or improved tenants at RIO include BlueMercury, White House | Black Market. Dave & Busters, It’Sugar, Muse Paintbar, and an AMC Dine-In 18."}
{"id": "doc5264", "text": "Fashion District Philadelphia"}
{"id": "doc5265", "text": "Joe Coradino’s grand vision to revitalize his hometown’s famed Market Street came to fruition last fall and did something that’s rarely accomplished in one fell swoop—instantly change the character and vibe of the heart of a great city. "}
{"id": "doc5266", "text": "The 900,000-sq.-ft. enclosed mall that Coradino’s PREIT co-developed with Macerich on the former site of The Gallery Mall filled a long-vacant block with Center City’s first luxury Cinema, 100-plus new shops including Nike and H&M, experiential stops like Candytopia and Wonderspaces, and a bevy of new restaurants and bars."}
{"id": "doc5267", "text": "Location, location, location couldn’t be better, better, better. Fashion District is connected to the Pennsylvania Convention Center, the SEPTA commuter rail station, and the Marriott Downtown Hotel. It sits at the epicenter of a metro comprised of nearly 6 million people that includes upscale suburbs north of the city and in nearby New Jersey."}
{"id": "doc5268", "text": "“We’ve got 22 million commuters a year coming through here and they all have malls where they live. But they don’t have a mall like this one,” boasted Coradino."}
{"id": "doc5269", "text": "Columbia Gorge Outlets – Troutdale, Ore."}
{"id": "doc5270", "text": "When Time Equities Inc. bought this center from Simon five years ago, it set out to alter the typical traffic pattern of an outlet center by giving locals reasons to show up on a regular basis. New tenants and eateries were recruited, charging stations for electric vehicles were added, and weekly activities for were planned for kids and families.  "}
{"id": "doc5271", "text": "“What we’ve done is taken a center that’s been a once-a-quarter visit and made it more of a neighborhood, or even community center by driving traffic with attractions and event,” said Ami Ziff, director of national retail at TEI."}
{"id": "doc5272", "text": "With the help of The Woodmont Company, which took over management of the center in 2016, TEI added new facades, enhanced signage, and a re-focused of the marketing programs with social media. New tenants Pendleton Home, Bath and Body Works, and Columbia Sportswear joined the party."}
{"id": "doc5273", "text": "“It was a job leasing all these new retailers, but you have to do what you need to do to reinvent your center today,” said Ziff, who added that Ziff says that average sales per square foot rose to $335 from $297 in 2019."}
{"id": "doc5274", "text": "American Dream – East Rutherford, N.J."}
{"id": "doc5275", "text": "After three owners and 15 years in the making, the project once known as Xanadu shed its multi-colored patchwork skin and opened in October as a pristine, white theme-park-cum-shopping-mall under the direction of the North American masters of that genre, the Ghermezian family and its Triple Five Group."}
{"id": "doc5276", "text": "For now, just the Nickelodeon theme park, the skating rink, and the Big Snow indoor ski slope are open. Retailers start operations later this month, but early attendance numbers have Triple Five CEO Don Ghermezian (above) convinced that American Dream can thrive as a shopping destination in the shadow of New York City."}
{"id": "doc5277", "text": "“If you want to go to Nickelodeon Universe, you have to park in our lots and walk past our substantial collection of retail and restaurants,” he said. “Part of the reason that our retail wing has been stalled is that, when retailers visited the property and took stock of the scale, they decided they needed bigger stores.”"}
{"id": "doc5278", "text": "Uniqlo’s planned 10,000 sq. ft. turned into 20,000 and Primark decided to take up its footprint to 50,000 sq, ft. Ghermezian said."}
{"id": "doc5279", "text": "Halcyon – Alpharetta, Ga."}
{"id": "doc5280", "text": "Food and beverage rule at Halcyon. Thirteen options and four more to open soon include Butcher & Brew, CMX Cinebistro, CT Cantina Taqueria, Ocean & Acre, Kilwins, Sweet Tuna and Cattle Shed Wine Company. Shops like Apricot Lane, Lizard Thicket, Oar, and Society Boutique are upscale and quirky."}
{"id": "doc5281", "text": "“The soft goods aren’t chains. They’re mostly independents or regional with franchisees in the store,” said Phil Mays, principal of Halcyon’s developer, RocaPoint Parnters. “It’s the same with most of the restaurants. I got great advice from a celebrity chef in Atlanta who told me, ‘Find local restaurateurs who are already successful and get them to open in your center.’”"}
{"id": "doc5282", "text": "Mays and company focuses on Forsyth County, which is undergoing an upscale growth spurt. “Coming out of the recession, it was almost a decade-long situation in which not a lot of retail was built, so in real growth areas like Alpharetta — a super ZIP Code with high density and household income — the population was underserved.”  "}
{"id": "doc5283", "text": "RocaPoint found a property that lined up next to the Big Creek Greenway, a popular 10- mile hiking trail, and got itself an unusual experiential feature: a trailhead. The developer worked with the county to extend the trailway by one mile, putting the new trailhead in Halcyon’s parking lot, where nature lovers now complete their hikes by shopping, eating, and drinking at Halcyon."}
{"id": "doc5284", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair – San Jose, Ca."}
{"id": "doc5285", "text": "The 21st Century version of Valley Fair opens this month with a 500,000-sq.-ft. expansion (for a total 2.2 million sq. ft.) anchored by a three-level, flagship Bloomingdales and housing the property’s “Luxury Collection” that includes Balenciaga, Bottega Veneta, Giorgio Armani, Louis Vuitton, Prada, and Saint Laurent. Also scheduled to open there is Eataly Silicon Valley, only the second location for the world-renowned food hall on the West Coast."}
{"id": "doc5286", "text": "More restaurant openings will continue through the year in the new wing, with and its commodious public areas, plazas, and outdoor spaces will host events, live entertainment, multi-faceted social fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities."}
{"id": "doc5287", "text": "“The $1.1 billion evolution of Valley Fair offers access to the world’s best and most relevant brands. It has a new and engaging atmosphere that reflects a sense of luxury and leisure familiar to the Silicon Valley customer,” said Colin Shaughnessy, director of U.S. leasing for Unibail Rodamco, Westfield."}
{"id": "doc5288", "text": "District La Brea – Los Angeles"}
{"id": "doc5289", "text": "So-called urban districts opening up at scads of new and renovated centers owe a lot to Madison Marquette and District La Brea. In 2008, just before the market crash, Madison Marquette bought 11 buildings that made up the Continental Printing plant on the better part of a city block on La Brea Avenue in the Fairfax neighborhood of L.A. New projects were on hold at that time, and this site lay fallow for a few years."}
{"id": "doc5290", "text": "That stretch of La Brea was the launchpad for a bevy of youthful and influential brands like Stussy, Undefeated, and American Rag and when the economy perked up in 2011 Madison Marquette had a notion to remake the entire block into an urban-beat setting for breakout retail brands."}
{"id": "doc5291", "text": "Each of the 11 buildings, which comprise 110,000 sq. ft. were cleaned out and stripped down. Architects exposed and accentuated urban-industrial hallmarks such as wood truss ceilings, exposed bricks, and steel beams. It was live-work-play Hollywood-style, with small offices taken by film industry creatives and retail space inhabited by new-ages specialty retail and dining options. "}
{"id": "doc5292", "text": "Bonobos opened its first physical retail location at La Brea and founder Andy Dunn did the same with his Interior Define brand. Other tenants include Arc’terex, Stone Island, Reigning Champ, and Sycamore Kitchen, operated by renowned L.A. chefs Quinn and Karen Hatfield."}
{"id": "doc5293", "text": "JLL Retail has announced that Chris Wilson will take on the newly created position of head of national retail agency leasing. Previously the Southwest brokerage retail lead for JLL, Wilson will oversee brokerage and leasing services for JLL’s extensive institutional retail portfolio."}
{"id": "doc5294", "text": "Wilson’s experience in the Southern California, Arizona, and Hawaii markets runs deep. He ran his own Los Angeles-based brokerage, Wilson Retail Group, for 25 years and was a partner in the Champion Real Estate Company for six years before joining JLL. His focus was on the development, redevelopment, leasing, and disposition of quality shopping centers and retail properties."}
{"id": "doc5295", "text": "“We plan to leverage his extensive expertise to expand our retail agency leasing services—a business line that has not previously had a dedicated national leader,” said Naveen Jaggi, president of Retail Advisory Services and Capital Markets at JLL."}
{"id": "doc5296", "text": "“A key area of focus will be the recruitment of top talent as we continue to build the brokerage platform for retail agency leasing nationally,” said Wilson, who will assume the title of executive VP."}
{"id": "doc5297", "text": "ServiceChannel CEO Tom Buiocchi describes his digital service as the Uber of store and shopping center maintenance. Need a parking lot paved or your HVAC unit repaired anywhere in the country? Log onto ServiceChannel, indicate what you need, when and where you need it, what you’ll pay, and it will hook you up with one of some 50,000 private contractors. Buiocchi’s company completes more than 1.5 million such transactions a month, nationwide, for 550 companies such as Bloomin Brands, Louis Vuitton, and Under Armour. With such an expansive view of the industry, we figured he’d have singular insights on issues of the day -- which he did. "}
{"id": "doc5298", "text": "Tom, Sephora is the latest retailer to announce it is shunning malls for freestanding locations. Is this a trend thats going to continue?I don’t see it as a universal trend. It’s a competitive marketplace and brands like Sephora are just trying to get closer to customers and make it more convenient for them. In some markets, that’s great. In others, where there’s not as much a concentration of people, you have to be careful. Leaving the malls lock, stock and barrel can open the door to competition. "}
{"id": "doc5299", "text": "Is the enclosed mall an endangered species? I’m a Charles Darwin fan. Shopping venues are going to come back stronger, but very different. If you ask me what my dream mall is, I’d say I want some Peet’s coffee and I want to do some banking, and so I can go to Capital One because they serve Peet’s. I need to return something I bought at Amazon, so I do that at Kohl’s. I’ll get my teeth cleaned at Walmart and then I’ll check out some furniture at RH and then have a great dinner there. "}
{"id": "doc5300", "text": "Some think Simons acquisition of Taubman is based on both companies desires to win back more leverage over retailers. Your take?I think everybody wants to achieve critical mass and save money. Combining their leverage with retailers is an interesting angle, but I think their primary reason for coming together is winning the hearts of more customers. Both serve very different demographics. The number one thing at malls today is you’ve got to have more people coming in."}
{"id": "doc5301", "text": "Specialty retail brands used to come to the mall to siphon off traffic from anchors like Macys and Sears? Are they on their own now?I get back to Darwin. Yeah, stores are closing and some are opening and you never see anyone net it out. Our information shows that there are both more store openings and more closings. There are going to continue to be new types of anchors. You see Macy’s going out and Nordstrom and Bloomingdales coming in. An Apple store can be an anchor, or a Lifetime Fitness. Why couldn’t Amazon someday be an anchor?"}
{"id": "doc5302", "text": "In your business you have to be ready for it, so I’m sure you’ve thought about it: Describe the retail center of the 21st Century.Smaller and more agile. Pop-ups that come and go. I see the mall as becoming more of a hotel for cool new brands as opposed to being anchored on something. There’ll be more ties to online shopping -- pick up and return things there. You won’t go in there to eat a corn dog, you’ll go in to get a real meal. I can see going into a mall and picking out a fabric and then having some shirts made. The retail center will be something where you can do something.  "}
{"id": "doc5303", "text": "He’s the winningest coach in the history of the University of Florida and delivered the national championship to the Gators in 1996, but can he get the cooking done in the kitchen?"}
{"id": "doc5304", "text": "Steve Spurrier, the football legend who won the Heisman Trophy as a player and is honored in the College Football Hall of Fame as both player and coach, will open Spurriers Gridiron Grille this year at Celebration Pointe in Gainesville, home of UF."}
{"id": "doc5305", "text": "Zealously adhering to the football theme, Spurrier conducted a nationwide “draft” of managerial talent and chose Andrew Johnstone, formerly director of operations for Mission BBQ as his operating partner."}
{"id": "doc5306", "text": "“Andrew shares my vision of creating a first-class dining and social experience in the North Florida region,” Spurrier said."}
{"id": "doc5307", "text": "The 16,700-sq.-ft. space includes three indoor-outdoor bars and a 5,500-sq.-ft. rooftop lounge named Visors (Spurrier’s trademark headgear). Included will be a 600-sq. ft. memorabilia exhibit with Spurrier’s 1966 Heisman as the centerpiece. "}
{"id": "doc5308", "text": "Also involved in the operation Spurrier’s Gridiron Grille is Giselle Mastrosanti of the Ganbaru Consultancy, which has developed restaurant concepts such as Urban Grill, Santoku, Coco Lounge, and Carbon. "}
{"id": "doc5309", "text": "Celebration Pointe, a mixed-use center whose retail and entertainment district opened in 2019, hosts the UF football and basketball coaches’ radio shows, and the popular Chomp the Block rallies the week of UF football games."}
{"id": "doc5310", "text": "Coastal Grand Mall in Myrtle Beach has signed on as the official fashion partner of the Carolina Country Music Fest, which is held the first week of June in the popular beach community."}
{"id": "doc5311", "text": "The CBL-owned property begins a three-month campaign to promote the festival this month that will include fashion shows, discounts on CCCM apparel and merchandise, and opportunities to win tickets to the event."}
{"id": "doc5312", "text": "The four-day festival, which was inaugurated in 2015, has steadily increased in attendance each year. The 2019 event drew more than 30,000 country music fans, many of whom inhabit the venue on the beach with campers and RVs. "}
{"id": "doc5313", "text": " “The campaign culminates in mid-May with a tailgate party at Coastal Grand where attendees will have the opportunity to win great prizes, including two 4-day Super VIP tickets,” said Stacey Keating, senior communications director of CBL."}
{"id": "doc5314", "text": "The million-plus-sq.-ft. Coastal Grand is a dominant mall in Myrtle Beach with more than 170 stores including Belk, Dillard’s Cinemark Theatres, Dick’s Sporting Goods, J.C. Penney, and Bed Bath & Beyond."}
{"id": "doc5315", "text": "Shopping and movie-going appear to have come back to Center City Philadelphia in a big way, according to a report from PREIT."}
{"id": "doc5316", "text": "Since opening its doors in September, the Fashion District mall that PREIT owns with Macerich has welcomed 4.6 million visitors with several new bars and restaurants, a luxury AMC cinema, and popular retailers and experiences such as H&M, Nike, Candytopia, and Wonderspaces."}
{"id": "doc5317", "text": "Former site of the Gallery mall and Kmart, the 900,000-sq.-ft. property is situated adjacent to the Pennsylvania Convention Center and the largest SEPTA commuter train station in the city."}
{"id": "doc5318", "text": "“As we enter our first full year of operation, we are pleased to have cemented the tenant mix of the future,” said PREIT CEO Joe Coradino."}
{"id": "doc5319", "text": "New tenants continue to fill in the new centerpiece of Center City. Armani Exchange and Eddie Bauer outlet stores are now open at Fashion District, as are Sephora, Torrid, Round 1, and REC Philly. Due to open this spring are Kate Spade New York, DSW, Windsor, Yoyoso, and Clair de Lune. "}
{"id": "doc5320", "text": "“We expect to capitalize on the momentum created thus far and solidify The District as Philadelphia’s go-to destination,” Coradino said. "}
{"id": "doc5321", "text": "Simon’s 2003 attempt to take over Taubman Centers, a failed bid that set the big mall owners at odds ever since, has culminated in a merger forced by conditions of the times."}
{"id": "doc5322", "text": "“Last year we predicted that we were going to be seeing consolidation among REITs in the mall space. They’ve lost a lot of leverage with retailers. Retailers gained the upper hand, closing stores and driving rents down. So mall owners are forced to consolidate to add more growth,” said Greg Maloney, president and CEO of JLL Retail."}
{"id": "doc5323", "text": "Simon and Brookfield Property Group have been proactive in trying to prevent one important tenant from abandoning its malls. The two companies partnered with Authentic Brands to make a bid for bankrupt retailer Forever 21. Now Simon looks toward increased scale from the merger to immediately boost its funds from operations, adding at least 3% on an annualized basis."}
{"id": "doc5324", "text": "The deal presents several opportunities to both mall owners, according to Steiner Placemaking Advisory principal Manny Steiner, who helped curate new-age retail mixes at Easton Town Center and New England Development."}
{"id": "doc5325", "text": "“Simon adds market-dominant centers in key growth markets where Simon is either not dominant or will benefit from better controlling that market. And the greater market power of the combined organization could reinvigorate Taubman assets whose performance had been languishing recently,” Steiner said."}
{"id": "doc5326", "text": "Michigan-based Taubman thwarted the 2003 hostile takeover bid from Simon by getting the state legislature to enact a bill that that allowed the Taubman family to use its shares to block any takeover bid. The day after Michigan’s governor signed the bill into law, Simon withdrew its offer, and the Taubmans and Simons have been bitter rivals ever since."}
{"id": "doc5327", "text": "Changing times, however, make for changing attitudes."}
{"id": "doc5328", "text": "“There’s been some bad blood between the families since the takeover attempt, but they’ve had to put that aside to do what’s best for their shareholders,” Maloney said."}
{"id": "doc5329", "text": "The two companies hands were also forced by common imperative, said Steiner: maintaining relevancy of the mall format in what will continue to be a heavily disrupted industry."}
{"id": "doc5330", "text": "“In a period of significant disruption, moves like this are not a luxury, they are a necessity,” Steiner said. The groundwork for this long-term strategy is clear as Simon is doubling down in more ways than one and will soon become synonymous with what the mall represents to consumers in this country.”"}
{"id": "doc5331", "text": "On March 7, mall walkers taking a lap around the old Herbergers space at Rosedale Center are going to see more body-slamming action than at any Black Friday sale at the store, said Sarah Fossen, director of marketing and experience at the Roseville, Minn., mall."}
{"id": "doc5332", "text": "That’s the day when Fossen delivers on the “experience” part of her job description by presenting a live pro wrestling event in the space. It’s sure to be a winter delight for Minnesotans who aren’t getting a lot of wildness from their last-place hockey team, the Minnesota Wild."}
{"id": "doc5333", "text": "F1rst Wrestling, a Minnesota-based independent wrestling promotion will be presenting the action at Rosedale, one of the three “Dale” malls developed by Dayton-Hudson Corporation in Minnesota in the 1960s. Fossen said that the event is part of current operator JLL’s plan to push its boundaries and appeal to broader demographics."}
{"id": "doc5334", "text": "Audacious events staged at Rosedale in the past year included Haunted Basement, an absurdist holiday horror theater, and a RuPaul drag fashion show that engaged the LGBTQ community."}
{"id": "doc5335", "text": "Rosedale’s biggest change is still to come. A $100 million redevelopment aimed at turning it into a entertainment lifestyle center commences later this year."}
{"id": "doc5336", "text": "As the national retail director for Time Equities, Inc., Ami Ziff has long worked with digitally native brands looking to branch out into physical retail in urban areas where TEI owns many residential and office properties. He is firmly convinced that, sooner or later, all successful online sellers will find themselves seeking out physical retail space. We asked him to elaborate."}
{"id": "doc5337", "text": "More and more digitally native brands are moving into physical retail. Is it a must for their survival? Amazon and Alibaba have hit a ceiling when it comes to online members. As a result, they’re opening more stores to drive growth and customer acquisition. What I see tech brands doing more and more is buying into businesses that actually make money, so there’s more of a push by them for retail operations. If you can control occupancy cost and do your job right, you make a lot of money. And e-coms have to have stores, if only because return rates for online purchases are so huge."}
{"id": "doc5338", "text": "Does this mean the average store size of the specialty retailer will decline greatly over the next decade?The short answer is yes, I would expect specialty retailer footprints to shrink. But it depends on how each retailer reinvents itself. For instance, office supply stores are shrinking their footprint while maintaining a similar SKU count by optimizing the merchandising of their spaces. In contrast, dollar stores throughout our portfolio are increasing footprints to beef up their grocery offerings. Medical offices are really getting bigger. We’re doubling the space of successful doctors’ and dentists’ practices."}
{"id": "doc5339", "text": "What advantages do smaller store footprints offer retailers--both the traditional as well as the clicks-to-bricks crew?Retailers shrinking their prototypes affords them the opportunity to penetrate new markets and discover new customer demographics. I live on the Upper East Side of New York, where Target added one of its smaller formats at 71st and Third. Before that, you had to travel up to 125th Street to shop at Target. What that did for me and other people who live here, and for the army of nannies we employ, is to experience a store that we never really had access to. We could now buy stuff on the Target website and return it at the store. Retailers are profiting by opening more, smaller stores in areas that would not have supported their more bloated formats."}
{"id": "doc5340", "text": "I know a veteran of the e-commerce industry who likes to say There is no such thing as free shipping. What role does the high cost of delivery play in this?Well said. Over the past couple years, I have seen retailers steadily increase the minimum amount of money customers are required to spend in order to qualify for free or expedited shipping. I wager this trend will continue, as the largest delivery service companies continue to increase their shipping rates, which in some instances are being baked into the price of the product. Five or six years ago, Google Express rolled out in New York. You got free two-hour delivery with no minimum purchase. That proved too costly, so they discontinued it and rebranded it and now, depending on where you live, there are $35 or $50 minimums."}
{"id": "doc5341", "text": "Do you ever see a time when online sales will equal or surpass physical store sales?Who the heck knows? If things continue at their current pace, you might see an inflection point in 15 years or so. Maybe all of these stores will be last-mile distribution centers. But I can tell you this. We’re out there buying physical retail, a lot of it. The vast majority of online sales are coming from Walmart and other traditional retailers with physical stores. The world is not making more land and I’m convinced physical retail will stand the test of time."}
{"id": "doc5342", "text": "West Coast lifestyle brand Tilly’s has assumed the lease of a shuttered Payless Shoe Source at the Butler North section of the 267-acre mega-center operated by Butler Enterprises in Gainesville, Fla."}
{"id": "doc5343", "text": "Tilly’s is a leading specialty retailer of casual apparel, footwear and accessories for young men, young women, boys, and girls. Headquartered in Irvine, Calif., the chain operates 229 total stores across 33 states. Brands found at its stores include Volcom, Vans, Adidas, Champion, LRG, Hurley, FOX, DC, and Infamous."}
{"id": "doc5344", "text": "Tilly’s will occupy the 6,000-sq.-ft. space neighbored by Total Wine, Marshall’s and newly relocated David’s Bridal."}
{"id": "doc5345", "text": "“We feel the youth and college-age market will greatly benefit from the brands and store experience Tilly’s will bring,” said Deborah Butler, president of Butler Enterprises."}
{"id": "doc5346", "text": "Butler operations is projecting a summer 2020 opening for the store."}
{"id": "doc5347", "text": "PREIT, one of a number of traditional mall owners engaged in major renovations, reaped outstanding results from its efforts at re-done centers over the holidays."}
{"id": "doc5348", "text": "Plymouth Meeting Mall in the Philadelphia suburbs kicked off the holidays with a 24% traffic increase on Black Friday and held that momentum with a 22% rise during the remainder of the season."}
{"id": "doc5349", "text": "Much of the increase, according to PREIT, was due to new tenants Burlington, Dicks Sporting Goods, Millers Ale House, and Edge Fitness that moved into a former Macy’s space. Michaels will fill out the rest of the anchor square footage when it opens in March. "}
{"id": "doc5350", "text": "Holiday traffic also rose 22% at Woodland Mall in Grand Rapids, Mich., where an expansion wing welcomed tenants including Von Maur, Urban Outfitters, The Cheesecake Factory, and Black Rock Bar & Grill."}
{"id": "doc5351", "text": "PREIT’s multi-year remerchandising initiative at Mall at Prince Georges in Hyattsville, Md., made for a 10% Christmas traffic gain. New draws there included H&M, Ulta, DSW, Chipotle, and Millers Ale House."}
{"id": "doc5352", "text": "Average sales per sq. ft. for the PREIT portfolio for the fourth quarter hit $539, an all-time company high. Some 16 million people visited PREIT malls during the holidays. "}
{"id": "doc5353", "text": "The achievement of this exceptional double-digit traffic growth at key redeveloped assets underscores our ability to curate highly desirable tenant mixes that deliver a unique mix of differentiated uses designed for long-term success,” said PREIT CEO Joseph F. Coradino."}
{"id": "doc5354", "text": "Saks wasn’t there. Nor were Zara, H&M, or Tiffany. But SpongeBob, Dora the Explorer, and the Teenage Mutant Turtles were, and that seemed to be alright with the first 2,500 guests at American Dream, New Jersey’s answer to the Mall of America."}
{"id": "doc5355", "text": "In the first of four “Chapters” of the opening of the 3 million-sq.-ft. plus mega-center in The Meadowlands, the Nickelodeon Universe theme park and an NHL-size ice skating rink were the lone characters. The long-awaited property’s story began with a parade led by the Clifton (N.J.) Mustang Marching Band and Nickelodeon’s star players. "}
{"id": "doc5356", "text": "The $39.99 general access and $49.00 all access tickets were sold out for the October 25 event and through November 7, according to Triple Five, the Ghermezian family-owned development company that also owns and operates Mall of America and The Edmonton Mall."}
{"id": "doc5357", "text": "New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy and American Dream chief creative officer Ken Downing joined Don Ghermezian, CEO of the complex (pictured above) in greeting the opening day crowd. "}
{"id": "doc5358", "text": "The phased opening of American Dream will continue this year with the November 27 opening of the Dreamworks Water Park and the December 5 debut of the Big Snow indoor ski slope."}
{"id": "doc5359", "text": "Traditional retail activity won’t kick off at American Dream until March, when some 350 stores are slated to open. Tenants will range from fast-fashion favorites like Uniqlo and Primark to luxury brands such as Hermès, Dolce & Gabbana, and Saint Laurent."}
{"id": "doc5360", "text": "The well-known Coca-Cola logo will be going up on the soon-to-be renowned retail-entertainment center in the New Jersey Meadowlands."}
{"id": "doc5361", "text": "The Coca-Cola Company and Liberty Coca-Cola beverages—the bottler for northern Jersey—have inked a 10-year partnership with American Dream, the 3 million-sq.-ft. Triple Five project adjacent to Met Life Stadium that’s set to open in the fall."}
{"id": "doc5362", "text": "Aside from being the official soft drink supplier at the property, Coca-Cola will host events featuring celebrity spokespeople, host a social media storefront, and operate Coca-Cola Eats, an 800-seat restaurant serving dishes and Coca-Cola products from across the globe."}
{"id": "doc5363", "text": "“American Dream is a project like no other,” said John Mount, Coca-Cola’s VP of sports marketing and region assets. “Our diverse drink offerings translate across cultures, and that matches well with the global audience American Dream will attract."}
{"id": "doc5364", "text": "First envisioned as Xanadu by its original developer, The Mills Corporation, in 2003, the project now called American Dream was brought to life by the Ghermezian family, operators of Mall of American and the West Edmonton Mall. It will feature a water park designed by DreamWorks, an amusement park from Nickelodeon, and the Big Snow indoor ski slope, and 450 retailers and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc5365", "text": "“Our goal is to always create authentic relationships between brands and our audience of over 40 million guests per year, said Debbie Patire, American Dream’s senior VP of marketing."}
{"id": "doc5366", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc5367", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc5368", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc5369", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc5370", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc5371", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc5372", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc5373", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc5374", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc5375", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc5376", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc5377", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc5378", "text": "Macy’s is closing a store in its hometown."}
{"id": "doc5379", "text": "The department store giant is shuttering its location at Northgate Mall in Cincinnati, reported the Cincinnati Business Courier. Macys confirmed to the Business Courier that it is closing the Northgate store, with a clearance sale beginning this month. The final closing date has not yet been set. In addition to its Northgate Mall location, Macy’s plans to close at least 10 other stores, the report said."}
{"id": "doc5380", "text": "In separate reports, the retailer confirmed it will close the following locations:"}
{"id": "doc5381", "text": "• RiverGate Mall, Goodlettsville, Tenn.;"}
{"id": "doc5382", "text": "• Westfield Meriden Mall, Meriden, Conn.;"}
{"id": "doc5383", "text": "• University Mall, Carbondale, Ill.;"}
{"id": "doc5384", "text": "• Macon Mall, Macon, Ga.; and"}
{"id": "doc5385", "text": "• Ohio Valley Mall, St. Clairsville, Wis."}
{"id": "doc5386", "text": "Macys will share details of its growth strategy and three-year plan when it hosts an Investor Day on Feb. 5, at the New York Stock Exchange. "}
{"id": "doc5387", "text": "J.C. Penney is trimming its store portfolio, but not by much."}
{"id": "doc5388", "text": "The department store retailer plans to shutter six stores by April 24, along with a call center in Lenexa, Kansas. The closings, which were first reported by USA Today, will leave Penney with approximately 850 stores nationwide. "}
{"id": "doc5389", "text": "The stores scheduled to close are:•    Southgate Mall, Missoula, Montana•    Myrtle Beach Mall, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina •    Chapel Hill Mall, Akron, Ohio•    North Hills Shopping Center, Raleigh, North Carolina •    Tulsa Promenade, Tulsa, Oklahoma•    Green Acres Mall, Valley Stream, New York"}
{"id": "doc5390", "text": "“This decision is the result of a careful and ongoing review of our store portfolio, a Penney spokesperson said. "}
{"id": "doc5391", "text": "Last year, the retailer said it would close18 full-line stores and nine home and furniture stores."}
{"id": "doc5392", "text": "Main Street Promenade is a vibrant lifestyle development, seamlessly integrated at Main and Main in the heart of historic downtown Naperville. This iconic suburban destination offers a curated collection of over 120 retail stores, 40 restaurants, and more than 100 service businesses – including specialty shops, acclaimed fashion brands, and highly sought-after restaurants."}
{"id": "doc5393", "text": "RPAI plans to turn the existing site into a mixed-use development that will include double-sided street level retail with approximately 370 third-party owned residential units above."}
{"id": "doc5394", "text": "Bluhawk is the ultimate gathering place. The mixed-use development presents unique elements compelling to locals and visitors alike, bringing them together whether they want to be energized or relaxed, to learn or to play, celebrating competition or achievement, giving each choice and opportunity to connect and thrive. Nowhere else in the greater metropolitan area will you find:"}
{"id": "doc5395", "text": "Well-situated near high socioeconomic communities in Grand Rapids, Woodland Mall is the premier shopping and entertainment destination in the region with an exclusive lineup of dynamic tenants. A multimillion-dollar, high-impact redevelopment plan is currently in progress, which will transform the property and elevate the overall shopper experience when complete in 2019. High-end department store Von Maur – a first-to-portfolio retailer for PREIT and the brand’s first location in the region – is replacing the former Sears location, while an array of high-quality retail and high-quality polished casual restaurants also will join the roster, creating a bustling collection of new concepts to further enhance the property’s mix of differentiated offerings. The new concepts will attract the strong demographics of the area and solidify Woodland Mall’s position in Western Michigan’s retail and dining marketplace."}
{"id": "doc5396", "text": "PREIT #1e13 | Macerich #1e06 | Taubman #1e08 | Starwood #1e09 | Rouse #1e12 | Tanger #1e16 | WPG #1e17"}
{"id": "doc5397", "text": "300s: Stark Enterprises #323 | Midwood #303 | Royal Properties #355"}
{"id": "doc5398", "text": "500s: VEREIT #517 | Thor Equities #525"}
{"id": "doc5399", "text": "600s: CBRE #621 | R.J. Brunelli #645 | Urban Edge #645 | The Feil Organization #655 | SCG Retail #663"}
{"id": "doc5400", "text": "700s: X Team #775"}
{"id": "doc5401", "text": "1000s: Avison Young #1026"}
{"id": "doc5402", "text": "1300s: DDR #1321 | Kimco #1335 | Winick Realty Group #1363"}
{"id": "doc5403", "text": "1400s: Inventrust #1445 | Trademark #1471"}
{"id": "doc5404", "text": "1500s: CBL #1521 | Cafaro #1535 | Encore Capital #1581"}
{"id": "doc5405", "text": "1600s: JLL #1635 | WS Development #1603 | Wilmorite #1613 | Vornado #1653 | Atlantic Retail Properties #1663"}
{"id": "doc5406", "text": "1700s: Acadia #1725 | American Dream #1753"}
{"id": "doc5407", "text": "1800s: Ripco #1835"}
{"id": "doc5408", "text": "1900s: DLC Management Corp. #1925 | RKF #1949"}
{"id": "doc5409", "text": "2000s: Related Cos. #2005 | GBT #2017 | Regency Centers #2035 | Levin Mgmt #2043"}
{"id": "doc5410", "text": "2100s: Marcus & Millichap #2125"}
{"id": "doc5411", "text": "2400s: Cushman & Wakefield #2235 | Katz & Associates #2263"}
{"id": "doc5412", "text": "2300s: New England Retail Properties #2351 | Newmark # 2319"}
{"id": "doc5413", "text": "2400s: Steiner + Associates #2401 | Tanger Outlets #2435 | Kite Realty #2441"}
{"id": "doc5414", "text": "2500s: Edens #2525 | Howard Hughes Corp. #2549 | Fairmount Properties #2581"}
{"id": "doc5415", "text": "2600s: Phillips Edison & Company #2641 | Brixmor #2635"}
{"id": "doc5416", "text": "2800s: RPAI #2827 | Colliers #2835"}
{"id": "doc5417", "text": "2900s: Olshan Properties #2941 | Katz Properties #2953"}
{"id": "doc5418", "text": "3100s: Irvine Company #3101"}
{"id": "doc5419", "text": "3200s: The Outlet Resource Group #3217"}
{"id": "doc5420", "text": "PREIT meeting room #1e13"}
{"id": "doc5421", "text": "With quality malls in compelling markets, PREIT is upgrading the shopping experience — incorporating unique entertainment destinations, fresh dining options, and new and differentiated anchor offerings. Visit our booth during the 2017 ICSC New York Deal Making conference and learn about the many exciting redevelopment projects throughout the PREIT portfolio. "}
{"id": "doc5422", "text": "Stark Enterprises announces its foray into the New York market with its $98 million acquisition in Downtown Brooklyn. The purchase was made through a joint venture with Sun Equity Partners. Located at 30 Flatbush Ave., just blocks from the Barclays Center, the 258,433-sq.-ft., mixed-use development comprises a prime full-block location at the intersection of Flatbush Avenue and Fulton Street — Downtown Brooklyn’s most prominent thoroughfare. The six-story building is currently 100% leased, with Consolidated Edison Company of New York occupying the entire office portion and CVS Pharmacy, JPMorgan Chase and United Healthcare Services occupying the retail spaces. "}
{"id": "doc5423", "text": "It’s the worst-kept secret in retail real estate. Consultants preach it and researchers chart it.  Customer experience is No. 1; shopping is No. 2. Eateries and entertainment brands are desired, department stores are repurposed."}
{"id": "doc5424", "text": "A recent study from A.T. Kearney relabeled shopping centers and malls of the 21st century as customer engagement spaces. A survey of 81 leading malls by JLL found that adding new food and beverage options was top of the list of the biggest changes being made. And more than half of those properties were linking dining innovations to new entertainment concepts."}
{"id": "doc5425", "text": "Chain Store Age spoke to three operators of those big regionals to find out how they are rethinking them and remaking them."}
{"id": "doc5426", "text": "Fashion District Philadelphia"}
{"id": "doc5427", "text": "Not a traditional mall, this outward-facing cityscape will be the region’s first metropolitan shopping destination that combines flagship brands and designer outlets with dining, entertainment and art experiences. This strategic leasing approach will help create a more curated retail experience for commuters, city residents and tourists — all in one convenient location."}
{"id": "doc5428", "text": "In late 2018, CoolSprings Galleria will welcome a new prototype California Pizza Kitchen that features a bar that extends into the common area. CBL is also evaluating the best ways to extend the customer experience in the common area by offering live music with up-and-coming Nashville singers and songwriters and through partnerships with several community organizations to host regular events. "}
{"id": "doc5429", "text": "Perhaps the greatest change is The Shops’ focus around children and experience. Newly opened is the Plano Children’s Theatre, the flagship location for North Texas Performing Arts, offering classes, workshops and performances for youth ages 3 to 18. Also geared toward the entire family will be the Crayola Experience, one of just four in the United States, where the young and young at heart can indulge their inner artists. A luxury cinema will be announced shortly. Future plans include a 200,000-sq.-ft. Class A office building, completing the transition of this upscale mall into a mixed-use community that will serve guests and office workers from early morning until well into the evening."}
{"id": "doc5430", "text": "As the No. 1 real estate advisory and transaction services firm in the world, CBRE has the reach and capability to serve retailers, restaurateurs, investors, owners, and developers across all retail environments. We operate at the intersection of data and the consumer experience, where information and analytics come together to reveal market trends and where a deep understanding of consumer behavior informs the physical experience. We call it Retail Science. At CBRE, we are passionate retail experts and our mission is to build advantage for every client we serve. Visit our booth C1024 during the 2018 RECon Las Vegas Deal Making conference and let us help you build a future-proofed plan for success in today’s experience economy."}
{"id": "doc5431", "text": "The Inland Real Estate Group of Companies, based in Oak Brook, Ill., sponsors more than 720 investment programs, serves more than 490,000 investors, and is one of the nation’s largest commercial real estate and finance groups, representing 50 years of expertise and integrity in the industry. Since its founding, Inland has purchased more than $45 billion in commercial real estate across 49 states and continues to be a business incubator, specializing in creating, developing, and supporting member companies that provide real estate-related investment funds, including limited partnerships, institutional funds and nonlisted and listed REITs, and real estate services for both third parties and Inland member companies."}
{"id": "doc5432", "text": "At National Realty & Development Corp., we know the importance of establishing and maintaining the right merchandising mix to maximize sales for our tenants and provide the best shopping experience to our communities. For more than 50 years, NRDC has been creating top quality shopping centers, office/industrial parks, and residential communities throughout the Northeast. Visit our leasing team at booth 117 G Street, Central Hall, to learn more about our newest development — The Shoppes at Middletown — and other exciting opportunities within our portfolio.  Call 1-800-932-RENT (7368) or visit www.nrdc.com."}
{"id": "doc5433", "text": "Orlando’s Lake Nona Town Center is the most progressive mixed-use project under development in the country. Located adjacent to Orlando International Airport, the 100-acre centerpiece of the 17-sq.-mile Lake Nona community has established itself as a transformational development with a market-defining 3.8 million sq. ft. of retail, dining, and entertainment. Lake Nona Town Center developer Tavistock Development Company — together with its retail planning, leasing, and development services partner Steiner + Associates — is showcasing the Lake Nona Town Center model in Steiner + Associates’ booth #1124."}
{"id": "doc5434", "text": "Columbus, Ohio-based Steiner + Associates is an internationally recognized real estate developer and master planner providing development, leasing, management, and advisory services. The company has designed, developed, and activated more than $2 billion of visionary and performing real estate comprising 9 million sq. ft. of retail, residential, and mixed-use spaces, places, and communities. Since its founding in 1993, Steiner + Associates projects have ra"}
{"id": "doc5435", "text": "American Dream, the Ghermezian family’s New Jersey mega-mall, will open the retail wing of the 3-million-plus-sq.-ft. property on March 19, according to a report on CNBC."}
{"id": "doc5436", "text": "A 50,000-sq.-ft. Primark store and a 20,000-sq.-ft. Uniqlo will be among the first retail tenants at American Dream, which opened its Nickelodeon amusement park, its Big Snow indoor ski slope, and an NHL-sized skating rink prior to the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc5437", "text": "Others reported to be in operation on opening day are Sephora, Old Navy, Aritzia, H&M, and Ulta Beauty."}
{"id": "doc5438", "text": "The mall’s “Luxury Wing,” with tenants including Saks Fifth Avenue, Hermes, and Gucci, debut in December, and Triple Five CEO Don Ghermezian said more retailers would be arriving in phases.  "}
{"id": "doc5439", "text": "“We’ve got Saks opening in the middle of the center. Now that’s a real anchor,” Ghermezian said. “Saks closed their other two stores in New Jersey to open at American Dream.”"}
{"id": "doc5440", "text": "Still to come to American Dream is a Dreamworks water park."}
{"id": "doc5441", "text": "The well-known Coca-Cola logo will be going up on the soon-to-be renowned retail-entertainment center in the New Jersey Meadowlands."}
{"id": "doc5442", "text": "The Coca-Cola Company and Liberty Coca-Cola beverages—the bottler for northern Jersey—have inked a 10-year partnership with American Dream, the 3 million-sq.-ft. Triple Five project adjacent to Met Life Stadium that’s set to open in the fall."}
{"id": "doc5443", "text": "Aside from being the official soft drink supplier at the property, Coca-Cola will host events featuring celebrity spokespeople, host a social media storefront, and operate Coca-Cola Eats, an 800-seat restaurant serving dishes and Coca-Cola products from across the globe."}
{"id": "doc5444", "text": "“American Dream is a project like no other,” said John Mount, Coca-Cola’s VP of sports marketing and region assets. “Our diverse drink offerings translate across cultures, and that matches well with the global audience American Dream will attract."}
{"id": "doc5445", "text": "First envisioned as Xanadu by its original developer, The Mills Corporation, in 2003, the project now called American Dream was brought to life by the Ghermezian family, operators of Mall of American and the West Edmonton Mall. It will feature a water park designed by DreamWorks, an amusement park from Nickelodeon, and the Big Snow indoor ski slope, and 450 retailers and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc5446", "text": "“Our goal is to always create authentic relationships between brands and our audience of over 40 million guests per year, said Debbie Patire, American Dream’s senior VP of marketing."}
{"id": "doc5447", "text": "It’s every kid’s — and candy lovers’ — dream.  It’Sugar has opened what it calls the “world’s first department store of candy” at American Dream, the new 3 million-sq.-ft. mega-retail and entertainment center in East Rutherford, N.J. A three-story-tall replica of the Statue of Liberty covered in more than 1.5 million Jelly Belly beans stands guard outside the entrance of the three-level, 22,000-sq.-ft. store."}
{"id": "doc5448", "text": "On the inside, shoppers can explore the first floor’s centerpiece, an immersive lollipop garden filled with nearly ten-thousand lollipops. Some 5,000 sq. ft. of candy bins housing an endless variety of sweets surround the garden. The second floor is home to dozens of branded shops, including Sour Patch Kids, Nerds, Starburst, Reese’s and others.  "}
{"id": "doc5449", "text": "An Oreo café concept called Oreo TWISTiD, will open on the third floor in the spring.  The café, which will overlook the center’s entertainment atrium, will provide patrons with views of the DreamWorks Water Park and Nickelodeon Universe Theme Park."}
{"id": "doc5450", "text": "“Creating a candy department store has been a long-time dream of mine,” said Jeff Rubin, founder and CEO of It’Sugar. “I’ve been thinking about this concept for over 25 years and our It’Sugar team is thrilled to partner with American Dream to make it a reality.”"}
{"id": "doc5451", "text": "It’Sugar, which was founded by Rubin in 2006, operates more than 100 stores across the U.S.   "}
{"id": "doc5452", "text": "American Dream, developed by Triple Five Group, is approximately 3 million square feet and projects 40 million visitors annually. When complete, the destination will include more than 450 retail, food and specialty shops, and more than 15 entertainment offerings including: fully-enclosed DreamWorks Water Park and Nickelodeon Universe Theme Park; Big SNOW American Dream; Kidzania; live Performing Arts Theater; 300-foot tall Observation Wheel; Merlin Entertainments’ Sea Life Aquarium and Legoland Discovery Center; The Rink – an NHL-regulation sized ice rink; and The Dining Terrace with over fifteen full-service restaurants and a food hall."}
{"id": "doc5453", "text": "Bloomingdale’s has opened a location in the heart of Silicon Valley."}
{"id": "doc5454", "text": "The three-level upscale department store is the centerpiece of the 500,000-sq.-ft. expansion of Westfield Valley Fair in San Jose, Calif. The spacious and stylish 150,000-sq.-ft. store is the retailer’s eleventh location in California and 35th full-line store nationwide. "}
{"id": "doc5455", "text": "Shoppers can enter Bloomingdale’s through the mall’s newly expanded indoor galleries and outdoor plazas or parking deck. Inside, the store’s interior offers an inviting atmosphere that pairs the brand’s signature black-and-white checkerboard with decorative tiles. Shoppers can unwind and recharge in seating areas located across all three floors."}
{"id": "doc5456", "text": "The first floor is home to designer accessories, fine jewelry and more. "}
{"id": "doc5457", "text": "It also houses an extensive beauty area, complete with private spa rooms and makeup stations for complimentary makeovers, and a rotating pop-up shop, [email protected]’s, driven by “culturally relevant themes and curated by guest tastemakers.” The initial theme is “world bazaar” and features a globe-spanning selection of handcrafted pieces and unique international finds. "}
{"id": "doc5458", "text": "The second floor features ready-to-wear, intimate apparel, young world (apparel, baby gifting, strollers, car seats and accessories) and a style studio with cross-brand stylists to help customers curate their wardrobe. The third floor is home to the men’s department and the home department, which has a demo area for food demonstrations. It also has a registry area with dedicated consultants. "}
{"id": "doc5459", "text": "The second floor’s offerings include a style studio, home to cross-brand stylists a registry area with dedicated consultants on the third floor. "}
{"id": "doc5460", "text": "Additional services include a home stylist, on-site alterations, a buy-online-pick-up-in- store station and more. Exclusive to the Valley Fair store is AnQi, a modern bistro and noodle bar restaurant concept. "}
{"id": "doc5461", "text": "“We’re excited to expand the Bloomingdale’s brand in Northern California with the addition of a new full-line store in San Jose,” said Tony Spring, chairman and CEO of Bloomingdale’s. “This store embodies the brand’s most modern and creative thinking to date.”"}
{"id": "doc5462", "text": "“This is pretty shocking,” announced the anchor on the local Eyewitness News broadcast in Connecticut recently. “Stores actually opened at a new mall in Norwalk.”"}
{"id": "doc5463", "text": "The SoNo Collection, so named because it actually resides in the upscale suburb of South Norwalk, is a brand new “contemporary shopping experience,” from Brookfield Properties that brings Nordstrom and Bloomingdales to Southern Connecticut."}
{"id": "doc5464", "text": "The 700,000-sq.-ft. center is indeed an enclosed mall, situated at the intersection of I-95 and Highway 7, where 167,000 cars pass daily, according to Brookfield. The population numbers 600,000 in contiguous ZIP codes surrounding SoNo. Median age is 39 and average household income is $147,000."}
{"id": "doc5465", "text": "Among the 90 tenants are Arhaus, H&M, Pink, Talbot’s, White Barn Candle, and Zara. Ebar and Bazille inside Nordstrom are the only eateries open as yet, but coming soon are Yard House, Pinstripes, Mission Ceviche, and several others. "}
{"id": "doc5466", "text": "Live musical performances, Selfies with Santa, and complimentary holiday photos courtesy of Bloomingdales are on the events calendar for SoNo’s first holiday shopping season.  "}
{"id": "doc5467", "text": "Macy’s is encouraging consumers to “feel good” in the newest version of its ever-changing, narrative-driven in-store experiential concept. "}
{"id": "doc5468", "text": "The department store retailer has added “Feel Good Story” shops to 36 locations nationwide. The concept is the latest iteration of Story at Macy’s and comes about 20 months after Macy’s acquired Story, the experiential Manhattan retailer that reinvents itself with a new theme every couple of months."}
{"id": "doc5469", "text": "Macy’s is partnering with fitness and wellness media platform Well+Good on the wellness-focused shop concept, which features three curated spaces with merchandise and experiences to help shoppers feel “balanced, energized and nourished.” "}
{"id": "doc5470", "text": "To bring the Feel Good experience to life, the in-store environment includes meditation spaces in partnership with the sleep, meditation, and relaxation app Calm at all locations and a range of community-centered events focused on wellness. The shops will host events featuring local experts in the health-and-wellness space for cooking classes, panel discussions, meditation workshops, a manicure bar, yoga and barre classes and more. "}
{"id": "doc5471", "text": "Macy’s Herald Square flagship in New York City will leverage its large footprint with an expanded Story experience that includes The Calm Booth by ROOM, a soundproof and acoustic booth “designed to bring mindfulness into busy environments. The Nourished section includes a market stocked with healthful grab-and-go snacks. And at both Herald Square and State Street Chicago, the shop will feature Farmer’s Fridge, a vending machine stocked with healthy options such as salads and breakfast bowls."}
{"id": "doc5472", "text": "“Feel Good Story” has launched at the following Macy’s locations:•    Macy’s South Coast Plaza – Costa Mesa, Calif.•    Macy’s Newport Fashion Island – Newport Beach, Calif.•    Macy’s Stoneridge – Pleasanton, Calif.•    Macy’s Union Square – San Francisco•    Macy’s Westfield Valley Fair – Santa Clara, Calif.•    Macy’s Boca Raton Town Center – Boca Raton, Fla.•    Macy’s Dadeland – Miami•    Macy’s Orlando Millenia – Orlando, Fla.•    Macy’s Lenox Square- Atlanta, Ga.•    Macy’s Perimeter – Atlanta, Ga.•    Macy’s State Street – Chicago•    Macy’s Woodfield – Schaumburg, Ill.•    Macy’s Castleton Square – Indianapolis•    Macy’s Fayette – Lexington, Ky.•    Macy’s Ridgedale – Minnetonka, Minn.•    Macy’s Las Vegas Fashion Show – Las Vegas•    Macy’s Bridgewater – Bridgewater Township, N.J.•    Macy’s Freehold – Freehold Township, N.J.•    Macy’s Short Hills – Short Hills, N.J.•    Macy’s Willowbrook – Wayne, N.J.•    Macy’s Brooklyn – Brooklyn, NY•    Macy’s Roosevelt Field – Long Island, N.Y.•    Macy’s Herald Square – New York, N.Y.•    Macy’s Queens Center – Queens, N.Y.•    Macy’s Cross County – Yonkers, N.Y.•    Macy’s Kenwood Towne Centre – Cincinnati•    Macy’s Easton Town Center – Columbus, Ohio•    Macy’s Polaris Fashion Place – Columbus, Ohio•    Macy’s Center City – Philadelphia•    Macy’s Ross Park – Pittsburgh•    Macy’s Northpark Center – Dallas•    Macy’s Houston Galleria – Houston•    Macy’s Memorial City – Houston•    Macy’s Bellevue – Bellevue, Wash.•    Macy’s Alderwood – Lynnwood, Wash.•    Macy’s Metro Center – Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc5473", "text": "Retailers are lagging well behind customer preferences when it comes to in-store technology."}
{"id": "doc5474", "text": "According to “The Future of Retail,” a new study from Boston Retail Partners (BRP), 48% of customers are likely to prefer a retailer offering proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store. Thirty-two percent of customers are likely to choose a retailer offering an augmented reality (AR) experience over one not offering it, and more than five in 10 consumers (57%) would choose a store offering an automated returns process or self-checkout with an app (55%) over a store that did not provide these technology-enabled features."}
{"id": "doc5475", "text": "However, BRP data indicates most retailers have not yet responded to customer desires for these emerging in-store technology offerings. Only one in 10 retailers offer proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store, and a mere 2% offer an augmented reality (AR) experience as a means of customer service. A slightly higher percentage provide self-checkout via app (14%) or an automated returns process (13%)."}
{"id": "doc5476", "text": "The study also reveals low levels of retailer adoption of other leading-edge in-store technologies, such as in-store real-time order visibility (18%), artificial intelligence (AI) such as digital assistants and chatbots (7%), and facial recognition sensors. Close to three in 10 (28%) retailers do offer an in-store product locator app (28%). "}
{"id": "doc5477", "text": "Looking ahead, a fair number of retailers plan to implement these technologies in their stores in the next two years, with one notable exception:"}
{"id": "doc5478", "text": "•    Real-time order status visibility (41%)•    Self-checkout app (39%)•    Product locator app (33%)•    Proximity-triggered mobile coupons (39%)•    AI (50%)•    Facial recognition sensors (2%)•    AR (27%)•    Automated pickup (36%)•    Automated returns (25%)"}
{"id": "doc5479", "text": "Macy’s is celebrating the holidays — with a little help from a cereal giant — in its latest experiential store concept."}
{"id": "doc5480", "text": "The department store retailer has added “Home for the Holidays”   shops to 36 locations nationwide. The themed shops are the third iteration of Story at Macy’s, and comes about 18 months after Macy’s acquired Story, the experiential Manhattan retailer that reinvents itself with a new theme every couple of months."}
{"id": "doc5481", "text": "Running through Dec. 31, the in-store shop is designed as the “ultimate holiday home,” and houses more than 900 gifts from 200 small businesses, including foodie items, travel gifts, glam treats, tech and DIY kits, pet accessories and more. It also showcases Kellogg’s Rice Krispies Treats, with customers invited to decorate the treats to gift to friends or enjoy at home."}
{"id": "doc5482", "text": "“This is our first ‘Home for the Holidays’ installation at our new home inside 36 Macy’s stores nationwide,” noted Rachel Shechtman, founder of Story and Macy’s brand experience officer. “For this year’s living gift guide, we are bringing shoppers a wonderland of gifts for everyone on their list in the ultimate home setting.”"}
{"id": "doc5483", "text": "Macy’s Herald Square flagship in New York features a larger-than-life Home for the Holidays installation, created with designer David Stark. It is designed as an immersive experience that takes shoppers on a journey through four different, stylized homes full of gifts. Shoppers can step inside a log cabin to discover gifts for someone who has everything, venture into an ice palace for gifts for those who deserve to treat themselves, explore a Mid-Century modern kitchen and find gifts for tasteful hosts and hostesses, and follow their inner child into a playroom filled with games and more"}
{"id": "doc5484", "text": "“The design is about joy, wonder, and getting lost in the moment,” said David Stark, chief creative officer, David Stark Design and Production. “Every year, we are inspired to create an immersive environment to bring theater and fun to holiday shopping and this year is no different as we create four different homes, each representing different gift recipients.” "}
{"id": "doc5485", "text": "As part of “Home for the Holidays,”  Macy’s will host a series of special seasonal events, from ornament making to pop-up card creating seminars, to benefit Make-A-Wish as part of Macy’s Believe letter-writing campaign. A complete list of events is available at macys.com/STORY."}
{"id": "doc5486", "text": "The “Home for the Holidays” installation is featured in the following Macy’s locations:•    South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa, Calif.•    Newport Fashion Island in Newport Beach, Calif.•    Stoneridge in Pleasanton, Calif.•    Union Square in San Francisco•    Westfield Valley Fair in Santa Clara, Calif.•    Boca Raton Town Center in Boca Raton, Fla.•    Dadeland in Miami, Fla.•    Orlando Millenia in Orlando, Fla.•    Lenox Square in Atlanta•    Perimeter in Atlanta•    State Street in Chicago•    Woodfield in Schaumburg, Ill.•    Castleton Square in Indianapolis, Ind.•    Fayette in Lexington, Ken.•    Ridgedale in Minnetonka, Minn.•    Las Vegas Fashion Show in Las Vegas•    Bridgewater Township, NJ•    Freehold Township, NJ•    Short Hills, NJ•    Willowbrook in Wayne, NJ•    Brooklyn, NY•    Roosevelt Field in Long Island, NY•    Herald Square in Manhattan•    Queens Center in Queens, NY•    Cross County in Yonkers, NY•    Kenwood Towne Centre in Cincinnati•    Easton Town Center in Columbus, Ohio•    Polaris Fashion Place in Columbus, Ohio•    Center City in Philadelphia•    Ross Park in Pittsburgh, Penn.•    Northpark Center in Dallas•    Houston Galleria in Houston, Texas•    Memorial City in Houston, Texas•    Bellevue, Wash.•    Alderwood in Lynnwood, Wash.•    Metro Center in Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc5487", "text": "Retailers targeting older consumers shouldn’t overlook their Gen Z offspring."}
{"id": "doc5488", "text": "Nearly nine in 10 (87%) parents say their Gen Z children influence purchase decisions, according to the National Retail Federation’s Fall 2019 Consumer View. The findings revealed that Gen Zers influence 48% of purchases parents make specifically for them along with 36% of household purchases. (The report defines Gen Z as including people born in 1995 and later, ranging from newborns to young adults.)"}
{"id": "doc5489", "text": "Aspects of their parents’ purchases Gen Zers often influence include specific brands (52%), product features (48%), and specific retailers (41%). Popular ways parents include Gen Z children in purchase decisions include looking at products in the store (69%), looking at products online (67%), watching commercials (60%), adding items to a wish list or shopping cart (56%), reading/watching product reviews (54%), and browsing catalogs (52%)."}
{"id": "doc5490", "text": "The top categories where Gen Z consumers influence spending either by their household or with their own money are:"}
{"id": "doc5491", "text": "•    Toys and games (92%)•    Clothes and shoes (91%)•    Food and drink (88%)•    Dining out (87%)•    Event outings (85%)•    Books and music (85%)•    Electronic goods (81%)•    Personal care (81%)•    Travel (79%)•    Apps (78%)•    Sports equipment (78%)•    Digital streaming (74%)"}
{"id": "doc5492", "text": ""}
{"id": "doc5493", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc5494", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc5495", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc5496", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc5497", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc5498", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc5499", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc5500", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc5501", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc5502", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc5503", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc5504", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc5505", "text": "Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield has announced the scheduling of major changes to be made at its Westfield Annapolis mall located between Baltimore and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc5506", "text": "The long-vacated 110,000-sq.-ft. Lord & Taylor store is to be converted into a separate shopping district that URW aims to fill with boutiques, home design stores, and experiential tenants. A 2021 opening is envisioned."}
{"id": "doc5507", "text": "Westfield Annapolis main entrance will be getting a makeover. The 40-foot-high metal and glass structure is meant to give the property greater presence along Bestgate Road and afford greater convenience for shoppers. "}
{"id": "doc5508", "text": "In February, the center will open Anne Arundel County’s Discoveries: The Library at the Mall, which provides dedicated learning spaces for teens and young children; as well as books, computers, and seating lounges. It also has two new tenants: Rodizio Grill Brazilian Steakhouse and Retro Fitness."}
{"id": "doc5509", "text": "The mall’s general manager, Steven Stavropoulos, said this is the first wave of more repurposing and renovation to come."}
{"id": "doc5510", "text": "“The new health-and-wellness amenities, fantastic dining, and educational services coming to the center this year really just preview expectations for the multi-faceted array of diverse experiences we’ll be excited to introduce with the larger project we can’t wait to unveil next year,” Stavropoulos said."}
{"id": "doc5511", "text": "Walmart extending its ongoing push into health-and-wellness with an employee-based initiative.The nation’s largest private employer is adding seven bachelor’s degrees and two career diplomas in health-related fields to its educational benefits program, Live Better U. The program charges participating employees $1 a day, with Walmart covering the rest of the costs.The new initiative comes as the health-and-wellness industry is projected to grow 18% between 2016 and 2026, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. It also comes as Walmart is diving deeper and deeper into health care. The retailer said the program will give associates training to fill healthcare roles across Walmart and Sam’s Club, which includes more than 5,000 retail pharmacies, 3,000 vision centers and 400 hearing centers, as well as the new Walmart Health center, which opened earlier this month in Dallas, Georgia.“Walmart aims to be the market leader in providing retail workers a path to careers in growing fields like healthcare,” said Drew Holler, senior VP of associate experience for Walmart U.S. “We don’t know of any other retailer in America that has a program that allows its associates the opportunity to achieve a degree in healthcare that can translate into a higher-paying job within the company or in the broader field.”The health-and-wellness courses include career diploma programs for pharmacy technicians and opticians through Penn Foster, and seven bachelor’s degrees in health science, health-and-wellness and healthcare management/administration offered through Purdue University Global, Southern New Hampshire University, Bellevue University and Wilmington University.Walmart’s Live Better U now offers more than 50 programs across professions. It includes the debt-free $1 a day degree program, free high school completion for associates and eligible family members, discounts on higher education programs like master’s degrees, free foreign language learning and much more — all in partnership with Guild Education.Associates can now earn degrees and certificates at six nonprofit universities: Purdue University Global, Southern New Hampshire University, Wilmington University, University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. Health-and-wellness programs join Live Better U’s previous degree offerings in business, supply chain and technology.Additionally, associates can get college credit for training they receive on the job through Walmart Academies.More than 13,500 Walmart associates from across the nation have been accepted into at least one of the educations programs since the chain launched Live Better U last year. Associates completed more than 36,000 credits worth a total of $17.5 million in the first year of the program, the company said."}
{"id": "doc5512", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc5513", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc5514", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc5515", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc5516", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc5517", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc5518", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc5519", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc5520", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc5521", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc5522", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc5523", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc5524", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc5525", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc5526", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc5527", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc5528", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc5529", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc5530", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc5531", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc5532", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc5533", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc5534", "text": "Just in time for Valentine’s Day, here is some adoration for a few emerging technologies poised to transform retail."}
{"id": "doc5535", "text": "The technology trends – virtual cosmetics try-on, micro-fulfillment, and mobile training, span different areas of the enterprise. What they share is a focus on leveraging the latest capabilities of IT to help ensure operational efficiency and superior customer experience. What’s not to love?"}
{"id": "doc5536", "text": "Virtual cosmetics try-onHow could we not begin this special Valentine’s Day edition of the Retail Insights blog by pronouncing affection for the burgeoning trend of providing cosmetics try-on with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR)? Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing enhanced reality tools to provide customers a realistically simulated view of how cosmetics products would look on them."}
{"id": "doc5537", "text": "Retailers as varied as Amazon, Macy’s, Ulta Beauty, Pinterest, Sally Beauty, Priv, and MAC Cosmetics are all leveraging AR to enable virtual cosmetics try-on. These tools can be offered via mobile app, PC, tablet, or in-store kiosk."}
{"id": "doc5538", "text": "The same cosmetics product can look completely different depending on who is wearing it. The small size of cosmetics items makes them ideal for online purchase and shipment, and physically trying them on can be messy and time-consuming. Virtual try-on resolves all these issues in a quick, convenient way using state-of-the-art technology. Enough to warm this tech editor’s heart."}
{"id": "doc5539", "text": "Micro-fulfillmentMicro-fulfillment technology automates picking and packing, using robotic systems to efficiently locate and retrieve products stored in a space too compact for human workers. It has mostly been used by grocery retailers seeking to streamline click-and-collect order fulfillment, although Hointer pioneered a version of the concept at denim stores in the early 2010s."}
{"id": "doc5540", "text": "Walmart is piloting a proprietary system called Alphabot which fulfills click-and-collect orders using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items inside a 20,000-sq.-ft., warehouse-style space. Albertsons and Loblaw are running similar pilots supported by a third-party fulfillment solution, while Kroger is building 20 automated “customer fulfillment centers” to enable fast, accurate delivery and in-store execution of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc5541", "text": "Micro-fulfillment enables effective, hyperlocalized fulfillment of online orders at store level without overtaxing store inventory or associates. That should be sweet music to any omnichannel retailer’s ears."}
{"id": "doc5542", "text": "Mobile trainingSince almost all retail associates now own smartphones, conducting training via mobile app is an effective way to streamline content delivery in an easily digested format. In addition, it gives retailers the opportunity to cut training costs by using a bring your own device (BYOD) strategy."}
{"id": "doc5543", "text": "For specialty athletic retailer Evo, mobile training provided a means of reducing the cost of quickly and accurately training seasonal warehouse workers. The company deployed a mobile VR solution that offered a virtual training experience that could scale for groups of any size and help new employees establish core competencies. "}
{"id": "doc5544", "text": "Meanwhile, Foot Locker trains permanent staff with a mobile training app called LaceUp, powered by Axonify, that enables the retailer to monitor which employees have engaged with training programs. The company also collects employee feedback on its mobile training efforts through channels including social media."}
{"id": "doc5545", "text": "And McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” which is designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Nothing says “I care about you” like a convenient, technologically-enabled training program."}
{"id": "doc5546", "text": "Walmart Inc. is discontinuing Jet black, its text-based, personal-shopping service."}
{"id": "doc5547", "text": "Launched in May 2018 as the first business to go live from Walmart tech incubator Store No.8, Jet black allowed members, who paid a $50 monthly fee, to order items over the phone via text message, with products delivered the same or next day for no extra charge. It also gave members access to personal shoppers who offered gift recommendations if requested and such perks as gift wrapping. While some everyday essentials were sourced from Walmart and Jet.com, other items and specialty products sold via Jet black were procured from local brands and specialty shops."}
{"id": "doc5548", "text": "In a corporate blog post, Scott Eckert, senior VP of next generation retail of Walmart and head of Store No. 8, said Jet black will “graduate” to join Walmart’s customer organization. What this actually means is Walmart will shut down Jet black as a standalone offering. But the discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to order via text and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc5549", "text": "“As we said in the beginning when we launched Jet black, part of the initiative was to start testing and building technology with the intent that it could be used in other ways, including applying it to other parts of our business,” Eckert said in the blog post. “Over the past few years, we’ve explored a number of areas in conversational commerce, from Jet black’s text-based ordering to voice ordering in pickup and delivery, all with the belief that this technology will be an important way Walmart serves customers in the future.”"}
{"id": "doc5550", "text": "According to CNBC, Jet black on Thursday notified customers via email and texts that it would no longer accept new orders, but would fulfill pending ones. It also said it would refund all customers their most recent $50 monthly membership fee. Walmart was reportedly losing $15,000 per month on the service.  "}
{"id": "doc5551", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc5552", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc5553", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc5554", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc5555", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc5556", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc5557", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc5558", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc5559", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc5560", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc5561", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc5562", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc5563", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc5564", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc5565", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc5566", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc5567", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc5568", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc5569", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc5570", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc5571", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc5572", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc5573", "text": "Every retailer is developing strategies to compete with Amazon, but another rival lurks in the background."}
{"id": "doc5574", "text": "In the late ‘90s and early ‘00s, conventional wisdom held that every retailer was in competition with Walmart. The discount giant sold every product, could beat anyone on price, and operated with ruthless efficiency. Walmart’s entry into e-commerce in 2000 was an important signifier that online sales were here to stay. "}
{"id": "doc5575", "text": "Since that time, Amazon has taken Walmart’s place as the omnipresent retailer who can undercut any price on any product. Amazon’s entry into the brick-and-mortar space in 2015 signified that physical stores are here to stay. Walmart has hardly disappeared, but generally trails Amazon in discussions of what company poses the most threat to its fellow retailers."}
{"id": "doc5576", "text": "This view is shortsighted. Retailers should see Walmart as equally, and possibly more, challenging than Amazon. Here are three factors that position Walmart to steal market share from anyone, including Amazon."}
{"id": "doc5577", "text": "StoresHaving opened its first local five-and-dime store in Arkansas in 1962, Walmart now operates over 5,000 locations across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Amazon operates about 10% of that total, of which more than three-quarters are Whole Foods stores it purchased in 2017."}
{"id": "doc5578", "text": "Amazon will likely operate thousands of brick-and-mortar stores, mostly under its own banner, within a few years. But it will still have decades of catching up to do with Walmart in terms of understanding how to fulfill, staff and merchandise them. As brick-and-mortar stores become more crucial to e-commerce, Walmart’s dominance in the physical space should only grow as an advantage. "}
{"id": "doc5579", "text": "VR trainingWalmart is taking a leading-edge approach to store associate training with virtual reality (VR) technology. To safely recreate high-pressure store scenarios, Walmart employs Oculus Go VR headsets for onsite training and Oculus Rift VR headsets for training at its 200 regional employee academies. Employees view VR videos filmed in actual Walmart stores that recreate a wide variety of real-life events they will likely encounter. "}
{"id": "doc5580", "text": "As a result, Walmart can deliver highly realistic, interactive training content across the organization in an efficient, streamlined manner. This helps ensure that customers visiting brick-and-mortar stores, including online shoppers picking up their orders, receive courteous service in a clean, safe environment."}
{"id": "doc5581", "text": "In-house disruptionAmazon is an established leader in developing proprietary technology that improves operational efficiency and omnichannel customer experience. However, Walmart is also one of the biggest technology innovators in the industry."}
{"id": "doc5582", "text": "Walmart’s Store No. 8 tech incubator has produced a number of disruptive innovations, such as the recently shuttered Jet black, a text-based, personalized shopping service. The discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to place text orders and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc5583", "text": "In addition, Walmart gleans valuable real-life insights from Store No. 8’s “Intelligent Retail Lab,” or IRL. The 50,000-sq.-ft. store is set up to gather information through an array of sensors, cameras and processors. Initially, Walmart is using the IRL to test how real-time information provided by AI-based store systems can inform associates more precisely when to restock products."}
{"id": "doc5584", "text": "An on-demand beauty service provider is bringing virtual try-on to Fashion Week."}
{"id": "doc5585", "text": "Priv is partnering with mobile app provider Perfect to highlight its runway trends collection during New York Fashion Week (Feb. 6-13). Priv is making a collection of exclusive Fashion Week makeup styles available for try-on in the YouCam Perfect makeup and photo editing app. "}
{"id": "doc5586", "text": "Three of Priv’s beauty trends from the New York Fashion Week runway, including glittering shadows, neon liner, and blue accents, have been recreated as virtual makeup looks for customers to try on in real time with the YouCam Makeup app. Through the use of advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and augmented reality (AR) technologies, YouCam Makeup translates these makeup looks into an interactive digital try-on experience."}
{"id": "doc5587", "text": "The experience guides users through in-app discovery and experimentation in app, to real-life consultation with Priv cosmetics professionals. Customers can also decorate their photos with a variety of exclusive virtual stickers, frames and effects in the YouCam Perfect photo editing toolkit. "}
{"id": "doc5588", "text": "“The 2020 beauty landscape is all about hyper personalization, self-expression and tech-enabled beauty experiences,” said James Bradicich, VP of marketing & business development at Priv. “We’re thrilled to partner with Perfect Corp. to create an augmented reality experience that empowers fashion lovers to draw inspiration from the hottest Fashion Week trends and book their favorite beauty looks straight to their front door.”"}
{"id": "doc5589", "text": "Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing AR and virtual reality (VR) to provide customers a realistic digital view of how cosmetics products would look on them. Amazon and Macy’s are both leveraging artificial intelligence (AI)-based AR technology from ModiFace to enable its virtual cosmetic try-on experiences."}
{"id": "doc5590", "text": "Meanwhile, Ulta Beauty offers GlamLab, an AR-based mobile app feature that enables customers to see how different beauty products would look on them. The retailer is also piloting an AR-based try-on service in its stores. Other retailers leveraging AR for virtual cosmetics try-on include Pinterest, Sally Beauty and MAC Cosmetics."}
{"id": "doc5591", "text": "A major grocery conglomerate is moving ahead with automated in-store fulfillment of e-commerce orders. "}
{"id": "doc5592", "text": "Albertsons Cos. is expanding on a pilot of “micro-fulfillment” centers supported by a hyperlocal fulfillment solution from Takeoff Technologies. Located inside an existing store, micro-fulfillment centers typically hold about 15,000 to 18,000 of the local market’s most popular products. "}
{"id": "doc5593", "text": "The centers use robotic technology to fulfill e-commerce orders and provide real-time information about inventory. By placing a micro-fulfillment center in an existing store close to customers, Albertsons hopes to be able to carry a diverse and locally relevant selection of products."}
{"id": "doc5594", "text": "Albertsons and Takeoff began their partnership in 2018 with the announcement of two pilot micro-fulfillment centers that would be constructed in existing grocery stores. Albertsons began operating its first pilot unit in October 2019 at a Safeway in South San Francisco. "}
{"id": "doc5595", "text": "Another pilot unit is scheduled to begin operations at a Safeway in San Jose, Calif. before the end of 2019. Albertsons has also agreed to purchase additional micro-fulfillment centers from Takeoff and is evaluating market expansion opportunities. According to research from Takeoff Technologies, micro-fulfillment centers can increase productivity by up to 10 times through improved speed, productivity, accuracy, and efficiency; and reduce or eliminate product substitutions."}
{"id": "doc5596", "text": "“The micro-fulfillment center model is a key element in the store of the future,” said Vivek Sankaran, Albertsons Cos. president and CEO. “It combines the efficiency of automation with the ease of meeting customers when and how they want to shop. In working with Takeoff, we can evolve how the model ties into our store and e-commerce ecosystems and accelerate our path to best serve our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc5597", "text": "Canadian grocer Loblaw Inc. is building an automated picking facility, using hyperlocal fulfillment technology from Takeoff, to support its PC Express BOPIS service. Loblaw will launch the 12,000-sq.-ft. facility inside one of its GTA Real Canadian superstores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5598", "text": "Albertsons Cos. operates stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia under 20 banners."}
{"id": "doc5599", "text": "The nation’s largest grocer is not taking a back seat in the race to streamline in-store fulfillment of online grocery orders."}
{"id": "doc5600", "text": "Walmart has been piloting a new technology called Alphabot that is designed to enable quicker, more efficient picking of online grocery orders at the store level. The retail giant has been testing the technology at its supercenter in Salem, New Hampshire, since mid-2019."}
{"id": "doc5601", "text": "Developed exclusively for Walmart by startup Alert Innovation, the Alphabot system operates inside a 20,000-sq.-ft. warehouse-style space, using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items ordered for online grocery. After it retrieves the products Alphabot delivers them to an in-store workstation, where a Walmart associate checks, bags and delivers the final order. "}
{"id": "doc5602", "text": "As the Walmart grocery pickup and delivery process currently works, associates select items from the sales floor for customers, package them and then deliver them. While associates will continue to pick produce and other fresh items by hand, Alphabot will help make the retrieval process for all other items easier and faster, according to Walmart. "}
{"id": "doc5603", "text": "Alphabot’s fully autonomous bots operate on three axes of motion. Because the carts that carry items move both horizontally and vertically without any lifts or conveyors, there are fewer space constraints, which Walmart hopes will make adoption of the system easier across stores."}
{"id": "doc5604", "text": "By increasing fulfillment speeds, Walmart also hopes this technology can create more convenience for customers, allowing them to place orders closer to pick-up time, and reducing wait time when picking up an order. "}
{"id": "doc5605", "text": "In addition, Alphabot continually shares order information in real-time. Armed with this data, Walmart intends to make shelf-stocking more intelligent – such as placing items that are usually bought together close to each other. Walmart also seeks to use order data to help make more personally targeted substitutions when a customer’s first choice is out of stock."}
{"id": "doc5606", "text": "“By assembling and delivering orders to associates, Alphabot is streamlining the order process, allowing associates to do their jobs with greater speed and efficiency,” said Brian Roth, senior manager of pickup automation and digital operations for Walmart U.S. “Ultimately, this will lower dispense times, increase accuracy and improve the entirety of online grocery. And it will help free associates to focus on service and selling, while the technology handles the more mundane, repeatable tasks. This is going to be a transformative impact to Walmart’s supply chain. Alphabot is what we think of as micro-fulfillment – an inventive merger of e-commerce and brick and mortar methods.”"}
{"id": "doc5607", "text": "Albertsons, a major grocery rival of Walmart, is running a similar “micro-fulfillment” center pilot supported by a hyperlocal fulfillment solution from Takeoff Technologies. Located inside an existing store, micro-fulfillment centers typically hold about 15,000 to 18,000 of the local market’s most popular products. The centers use robotic technology to fulfill e-commerce orders and provide real-time information about inventory. https://chainstoreage.com/albertsons-thinks-small-e-commerce-fulfillment"}
{"id": "doc5608", "text": "Walmart said that its Salem location will continue to serve as home base for Alphabot while the process is “studied, refined and perfected.” After collecting associate and customer feedback, Walmart will assess next steps for a broader Alphabot rollout."}
{"id": "doc5609", "text": "Just in time for Valentine’s Day, here is some adoration for a few emerging technologies poised to transform retail."}
{"id": "doc5610", "text": "The technology trends – virtual cosmetics try-on, micro-fulfillment, and mobile training, span different areas of the enterprise. What they share is a focus on leveraging the latest capabilities of IT to help ensure operational efficiency and superior customer experience. What’s not to love?"}
{"id": "doc5611", "text": "Virtual cosmetics try-onHow could we not begin this special Valentine’s Day edition of the Retail Insights blog by pronouncing affection for the burgeoning trend of providing cosmetics try-on with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR)? Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing enhanced reality tools to provide customers a realistically simulated view of how cosmetics products would look on them."}
{"id": "doc5612", "text": "Retailers as varied as Amazon, Macy’s, Ulta Beauty, Pinterest, Sally Beauty, Priv, and MAC Cosmetics are all leveraging AR to enable virtual cosmetics try-on. These tools can be offered via mobile app, PC, tablet, or in-store kiosk."}
{"id": "doc5613", "text": "The same cosmetics product can look completely different depending on who is wearing it. The small size of cosmetics items makes them ideal for online purchase and shipment, and physically trying them on can be messy and time-consuming. Virtual try-on resolves all these issues in a quick, convenient way using state-of-the-art technology. Enough to warm this tech editor’s heart."}
{"id": "doc5614", "text": "Micro-fulfillmentMicro-fulfillment technology automates picking and packing, using robotic systems to efficiently locate and retrieve products stored in a space too compact for human workers. It has mostly been used by grocery retailers seeking to streamline click-and-collect order fulfillment, although Hointer pioneered a version of the concept at denim stores in the early 2010s."}
{"id": "doc5615", "text": "Walmart is piloting a proprietary system called Alphabot which fulfills click-and-collect orders using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items inside a 20,000-sq.-ft., warehouse-style space. Albertsons and Loblaw are running similar pilots supported by a third-party fulfillment solution, while Kroger is building 20 automated “customer fulfillment centers” to enable fast, accurate delivery and in-store execution of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc5616", "text": "Micro-fulfillment enables effective, hyperlocalized fulfillment of online orders at store level without overtaxing store inventory or associates. That should be sweet music to any omnichannel retailer’s ears."}
{"id": "doc5617", "text": "Mobile trainingSince almost all retail associates now own smartphones, conducting training via mobile app is an effective way to streamline content delivery in an easily digested format. In addition, it gives retailers the opportunity to cut training costs by using a bring your own device (BYOD) strategy."}
{"id": "doc5618", "text": "For specialty athletic retailer Evo, mobile training provided a means of reducing the cost of quickly and accurately training seasonal warehouse workers. The company deployed a mobile VR solution that offered a virtual training experience that could scale for groups of any size and help new employees establish core competencies. "}
{"id": "doc5619", "text": "Meanwhile, Foot Locker trains permanent staff with a mobile training app called LaceUp, powered by Axonify, that enables the retailer to monitor which employees have engaged with training programs. The company also collects employee feedback on its mobile training efforts through channels including social media."}
{"id": "doc5620", "text": "And McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” which is designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Nothing says “I care about you” like a convenient, technologically-enabled training program."}
{"id": "doc5621", "text": "Amazon’s new grocery store format will reportedly include advanced technology to streamline in-store fulfillment of online orders."}
{"id": "doc5622", "text": "According to the Hngry food retailing blog, plans Amazon has filed with the City of Los Angeles indicate a brick-and-mortar store it intends to open in Woodland Hills, Calif. will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows a much greater density of products than can normally be stored in a contained space."}
{"id": "doc5623", "text": "Typically, microfulfillment is used to enable localized in-store fulfillment of online orders. It has primarily been piloted in the grocery vertical, with notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw testing microfulfillment technology in their stores. Kroger is building a network of warehouses equipped with microfulfillment technology to ease the burden online fulfillment places on its stores."}
{"id": "doc5624", "text": "Hngry reports that Amazon will use technology from Dematic, whose microfulfillment solution is also currently being implemented by Midwestern discounter Meijer, in the 7,200-sq.-ft. space it has dedicated in the plans for the Woodland Hills store. The space will store products including alcoholic beverages and packaged food, and represents about 20% of the store’s roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. footprint. "}
{"id": "doc5625", "text": "The Woodland Hills store is the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores. In October, The Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon had signed more than a dozen leases in the Los Angeles area as part of its plan to launch a new grocery chain. Amazon has said publicly that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc5626", "text": "Read the full Hngry article here."}
{"id": "doc5627", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc5628", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc5629", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc5630", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc5631", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc5632", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc5633", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc5634", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc5635", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc5636", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc5637", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc5638", "text": "The Kroger Co. is bringing its automated warehouse facility to the Mid-Atlantic region."}
{"id": "doc5639", "text": "The supermarket giant and Ocado, one of the world’s largest dedicated online grocery retailers, will build an automated “customer fulfillment center” in Frederick, Md. The 350,000-sq.-ft. center  – an automated warehouse facility with digital and robotic capabilities – will service several markets, including Washington D.C., Baltimore and Philadelphia. and accelerate Krogers ability to expand its products to a larger footprint.  "}
{"id": "doc5640", "text": "The Frederick site is the sixth confirmed location of  up to 20 planned automated warehouse facilities Kroger and Ocado plan to build. Previously announced locations include Dallas;  Pleasant Prairie, Wis.; Monroe, Ohio; Groveland, Fla., and Forest Park, Georgia,"}
{"id": "doc5641", "text": "Kroger is incredibly excited to construct one of our industry-leading Customer Fulfillment Centers in Maryland in relationship with Ocado to bring fresh food to our customers faster than ever before, said Robert Clark, Krogers senior VP of supply chain, manufacturing and sourcing. Through our strategic partnership, we are engineering a model for the region, leveraging advanced robotics technology and creative solutions to redefine the customer experience. "}
{"id": "doc5642", "text": "Kroger and Ocado entered into an exclusive partnership in May 2018, in a deal that enables Kroger to leverage Ocado’s smart platform that supports online ordering, automated fulfillment and home delivery capabilities. The facility in Frederick is expected to become operational 24 months after the site breaks ground."}
{"id": "doc5643", "text": "The warehouse will be a key component of the seamless fulfilment ecosystem that Kroger is developing for customers across the United States. said Luke Jensen, CEO of Ocado Solutions. “Ocados proven technology will allow Kroger to achieve the lowest cost-to-serve in the market, combined with the best freshness, accuracy and service. "}
{"id": "doc5644", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc5645", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc5646", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc5647", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc5648", "text": "Amazon’s new grocery store format will reportedly include advanced technology to streamline in-store fulfillment of online orders."}
{"id": "doc5649", "text": "According to the Hngry food retailing blog, plans Amazon has filed with the City of Los Angeles indicate a brick-and-mortar store it intends to open in Woodland Hills, Calif. will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows a much greater density of products than can normally be stored in a contained space."}
{"id": "doc5650", "text": "Typically, microfulfillment is used to enable localized in-store fulfillment of online orders. It has primarily been piloted in the grocery vertical, with notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw testing microfulfillment technology in their stores. Kroger is building a network of warehouses equipped with microfulfillment technology to ease the burden online fulfillment places on its stores."}
{"id": "doc5651", "text": "Hngry reports that Amazon will use technology from Dematic, whose microfulfillment solution is also currently being implemented by Midwestern discounter Meijer, in the 7,200-sq.-ft. space it has dedicated in the plans for the Woodland Hills store. The space will store products including alcoholic beverages and packaged food, and represents about 20% of the store’s roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. footprint. "}
{"id": "doc5652", "text": "The Woodland Hills store is the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores. In October, The Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon had signed more than a dozen leases in the Los Angeles area as part of its plan to launch a new grocery chain. Amazon has said publicly that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc5653", "text": "Read the full Hngry article here."}
{"id": "doc5654", "text": "Amazon is diving deeper into brick-and-mortar with a report that has selected a California site for its new grocery store concept."}
{"id": "doc5655", "text": "The e-tail giant confirmed it will open a new grocery store format, separate from its Whole Foods Market or Amazon Go brands, in the Woodland Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles in 2020, reported CNET. A job posting for a store operations zone leader on the Amazon website opens with, “Join us as we launch Amazon’s first grocery store in Woodland Hills.” The position is listed as paying $16.90 per hour."}
{"id": "doc5656", "text": "The Woodlands Hill store is the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores. In October, The Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon had signed more than a dozen leases in the Los Angeles area as part of its plan to launch a new grocery chain"}
{"id": "doc5657", "text": "Amazon told CNET its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores. Read the full CNET article here."}
{"id": "doc5658", "text": "Amazon is making the technology supporting its Amazon Go checkout-free store format available to other retailers – for a price."}
{"id": "doc5659", "text": "The e-tail giant is now selling its “Just Walk Out” technology platform to enable other retailers to offer a cashierless shopping experience. The platform combines computer vision, sensor fusion, and machine-learning algorithms."}
{"id": "doc5660", "text": "Unlike the Just Walk Out experience at Amazon Go convenience and grocery locations, where customers identify themselves by scanning an app, the licensed version will have customers announce themselves with a credit card. According to Reuters, customers will insert a credit card into a gated turnstile marked with a “Just Walk Out technology by Amazon” logo."}
{"id": "doc5661", "text": "The rest of the shopping experience will be the same as the Amazon Go location, with items that customers pick up automatically added to a virtual shopping cart. If they return an item to a shelf, it is removed from their virtual cart. Their credit card will be billed for any items they take with them when they leave the store, without having to scan a barcode or wait in a checkout line. "}
{"id": "doc5662", "text": "To obtain a receipt, shoppers can enter their email address at a kiosk in the store and receive an email receipt. If they then use the same credit card at that or any other Just Walk Out-enabled store, they will automatically receive an email receipt."}
{"id": "doc5663", "text": "Amazon will work with retailers to install hardware for Just Walk Out, such as cameras and sensors, at existing stores while “minimizing impact” on operations or to include it in construction plans for new and remodeled stores. The e-tailer says installation can take as little as “a few weeks” from when it gains access to a store. Amazon says it will offer “all necessary technologies” and a 24/7 customer support line. "}
{"id": "doc5664", "text": "The company advises that Just Walk Out-enabled stores will still need human associates to perform tasks such as greeting customers, stocking shelves, and checking IDs for certain products. Amazon says it will only collect the data needed to provide an accurate receipt."}
{"id": "doc5665", "text": "“Do customers like standing in lines?” Dilip Kumar, Amazon VP of physical retail and technology, said to Reuters. “This has pretty broad applicability across store sizes, across industries, because it fundamentally tackles a problem of how do you get convenience in physical locations, especially when people are hard-pressed for time.”"}
{"id": "doc5666", "text": "Amazon did not offer estimates of how many retailers might want to implement Just Walk Out at their own stores or what the technology will cost. "}
{"id": "doc5667", "text": "Amazon opened its first Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, and its first Amazon Go Grocery location in February 2020."}
{"id": "doc5668", "text": "Amazon is reportedly preparing to open more than 12 grocery stores in greater Los Angeles."}
{"id": "doc5669", "text": "According to CNBC, the e-tailer has signed leases for over a dozen brick-and-mortar retail stores in Los Angeles-area locations including Woodland Hills, Studio City, and Irvine. The stores will operate separately from Amazon’s Whole Foods grocery chain and measure about 35,000-sq.-ft."}
{"id": "doc5670", "text": "Following up on an initial report in the Wall Street Journal, CNBC said Amazon plans to open other grocery stores in San Francisco, Seattle, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia. Some of the stores located in Southern California may open before the end of this year. "}
{"id": "doc5671", "text": "Amazon has been expanding its physical presence with brick-and-mortar initiative such as Amazon Go cashierless stores and curated Amazon 4-star stores."}
{"id": "doc5672", "text": "It is unclear how the new grocery stores will be branded. Amazon declined comment. To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc5673", "text": "Amazon is making the technology supporting its Amazon Go checkout-free store format available to other retailers – for a price."}
{"id": "doc5674", "text": "The e-tail giant is now selling its “Just Walk Out” technology platform to enable other retailers to offer a cashierless shopping experience. The platform combines computer vision, sensor fusion, and machine-learning algorithms."}
{"id": "doc5675", "text": "Unlike the Just Walk Out experience at Amazon Go convenience and grocery locations, where customers identify themselves by scanning an app, the licensed version will have customers announce themselves with a credit card. According to Reuters, customers will insert a credit card into a gated turnstile marked with a “Just Walk Out technology by Amazon” logo."}
{"id": "doc5676", "text": "The rest of the shopping experience will be the same as the Amazon Go location, with items that customers pick up automatically added to a virtual shopping cart. If they return an item to a shelf, it is removed from their virtual cart. Their credit card will be billed for any items they take with them when they leave the store, without having to scan a barcode or wait in a checkout line. "}
{"id": "doc5677", "text": "To obtain a receipt, shoppers can enter their email address at a kiosk in the store and receive an email receipt. If they then use the same credit card at that or any other Just Walk Out-enabled store, they will automatically receive an email receipt."}
{"id": "doc5678", "text": "Amazon will work with retailers to install hardware for Just Walk Out, such as cameras and sensors, at existing stores while “minimizing impact” on operations or to include it in construction plans for new and remodeled stores. The e-tailer says installation can take as little as “a few weeks” from when it gains access to a store. Amazon says it will offer “all necessary technologies” and a 24/7 customer support line. "}
{"id": "doc5679", "text": "The company advises that Just Walk Out-enabled stores will still need human associates to perform tasks such as greeting customers, stocking shelves, and checking IDs for certain products. Amazon says it will only collect the data needed to provide an accurate receipt."}
{"id": "doc5680", "text": "“Do customers like standing in lines?” Dilip Kumar, Amazon VP of physical retail and technology, said to Reuters. “This has pretty broad applicability across store sizes, across industries, because it fundamentally tackles a problem of how do you get convenience in physical locations, especially when people are hard-pressed for time.”"}
{"id": "doc5681", "text": "Amazon did not offer estimates of how many retailers might want to implement Just Walk Out at their own stores or what the technology will cost. "}
{"id": "doc5682", "text": "Amazon opened its first Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, and its first Amazon Go Grocery location in February 2020."}
{"id": "doc5683", "text": "Amazon continues to expand its brick-and-mortar presence."}
{"id": "doc5684", "text": "The online giant will open 10 Amazon 4-star stores in 2020, including an outpost at the new American Dream mega-center in East Rutherford, N.J., according to a listing on its website. Amazon debuted the 4-Star concept in the fall of 2018. To date, it has opened nine locations. "}
{"id": "doc5685", "text": "The 4-star stores carry items from some of the most popular categories on Amazon.com, including devices, consumer electronics, kitchen, home, toys, books and games. Everything in the store is rated four stars and above, is a top seller or is new and trending on Amazon.com. Digital price tags alongside every item show the Prime price and list price, as well as Prime member savings, average star rating and the total number of reviews a product has received."}
{"id": "doc5686", "text": "Amazon 4-star is due to open in 2020 in the following locations:"}
{"id": "doc5687", "text": "* American Dream, East Rutherford, N.J.; * Willowbrook Mall; Wayne, N.J.; * Scottsdale Fashion Square, Scottsdale, Ariz.;* Westfield Topanga, Westfield, Calif.; * Burlingame Avenue, Burlingame, Calif.; * The SoNo Collection, Norwalk, Conn.; * Lincoln Road Mall, Miami Beach, Fla.;* Perimeter Mall, Atlanta;* Somerset Collection, Troy, Mich.; and* The Woodlands Mall, The Woodlands, Texas"}
{"id": "doc5688", "text": "The Amazon Fresh ultrafast delivery service is now included in Prime subscriptions."}
{"id": "doc5689", "text": "Online orders for tens of thousands of fresh products, including meat, seafood, produce, and everyday essentials, are available for one- to two-hour delivery from Amazon Fresh. Previously, Prime members could obtain access to Amazon Fresh for $14.99 per month as an add-on to their Prime membership. "}
{"id": "doc5690", "text": "Now, existing Prime members who have been paying for Amazon Fresh will continue receiving Amazon Fresh services for free. All other Prime members who live in one of the more than 2,000 cities and towns where grocery delivery is available can request an invitation to shop Amazon Fresh or Whole Foods Market via Amazon Fresh."}
{"id": "doc5691", "text": "“Prime members love the convenience of free grocery delivery on Amazon, which is why we’ve made Amazon Fresh a free benefit of Prime, saving customers $14.99 per month,” said Stephenie Landry, VP of grocery delivery, Amazon. “Grocery delivery is one of the fastest growing businesses at Amazon, and we think this will be one of the most-loved Prime benefits.” "}
{"id": "doc5692", "text": "Amazon is making Amazon Fresh a free benefit for Prime members as the e-tailer aggressively expands the quick delivery service in metro areas across the U.S. In September 2019, Amazon introduced Amazon Fresh in Indianapolis, following its August rollout in Minneapolis, Houston, and Phoenix."}
{"id": "doc5693", "text": "Amazon Prime members have time to procrastinate this holiday season."}
{"id": "doc5694", "text": "The e-tail giant is enabling Prime members in eligible areas to shop a selection of millions of products up until Christmas Eve (Dec. 24) and receive them that day with Prime free same-day delivery and free two-hour delivery with Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods Market. In addition to a complete selection of groceries, Prime members in select cities can shop Amazon Fresh for tens of thousands of items across dozens of categories, including Amazon devices, toys, gifts, wrapping supplies, and more. "}
{"id": "doc5695", "text": "Prime members can also find the same deals that are available on Amazon.com and receive free two-hour delivery in select cities. In another seasonal offering, the return window has been extended until Jan. 31 for items purchased between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31."}
{"id": "doc5696", "text": "Amazon released the following delivery deadlines:•    Dec. 14: Last day to order and get free delivery on orders over $25, free for all customers."}
{"id": "doc5697", "text": "•    Dec. 18: Last day to order items eligible for standard shipping, free for Prime members."}
{"id": "doc5698", "text": "•    Dec. 22: Last day to order tens of millions of items, free for Prime members."}
{"id": "doc5699", "text": "•    Dec. 23: Last day to order more than 10 million items eligible for one-day delivery (coast to coast, free for Prime members with no minimum purchase)."}
{"id": "doc5700", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Last day to order millions of items eligible for same-day delivery (free for Prime members in eligible areas on orders over $35, order by 9:30 a.m. local time)."}
{"id": "doc5701", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Last chance for free two-hour grocery delivery, reserved exclusively for Prime members in select cities. Order by 5 p.m. local time (3 p.m. in select locations) for Whole Foods Market and 8 p.m. local time for Amazon Fresh."}
{"id": "doc5702", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Whole Foods Market stores, Amazon Books, and Amazon 4-star stores are open Christmas Eve (store hours vary by location)."}
{"id": "doc5703", "text": "“We want customers to experience the magic of the holidays with family and friends knowing Amazon has them covered with fast, free, and reliable shipping on millions of items – from best-selling gifts and holiday décor, to the icing for their gingerbread cookies,” said Maria Renz, VP, global delivery experience at Amazon. “Whether you’re a planner or a procrastinator, this season Prime members have more delivery options than ever before and we thank our team of customer-obsessed associates and drivers who are delivering smiles throughout the holidays.”"}
{"id": "doc5704", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5705", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc5706", "text": "Wayfair ends its fiscal year on a downbeat note, proving once again that it is incapable of operating its business profitably. "}
{"id": "doc5707", "text": "In the final quarter, the company had a net loss of $330 million, bringing the total loss for the year to an eye-watering $985 million – just shy of the billion-dollar mark. In our view, this is quite extraordinary, especially as it means losses have almost doubled since the prior year. The issue we have with Wayfair is that there is no clear path to profitability. That the company has a $1.5 billion long-term debt pile which costs it about $54 million a year in interest is bad enough. But on top of this, its operating metrics are incredibly weak and do not even hint at the business being sustainable. Taking out advertising costs, at operating level Wayfair made a $5.4 million operating profit this quarter; nowhere near enough to cover the interest payment on its debts."}
{"id": "doc5708", "text": "However, the situation is worse than this because of the amount Wayfair spends on advertising. This quarter advertising expense came to $310.9 million, bringing the total spend for the year to $1.1 billion. This exceptional level of cost puts an enormous hole in profits at operating level and means Wayfair is deeply unprofitable."}
{"id": "doc5709", "text": "The math behind this all makes for unattractive reading: "}
{"id": "doc5710", "text": "Basically, even without advertising, Wayfair’s model generates no profit; with advertising it is plunged into the red. And spending $28 on advertising per order, which amounts to over 12% of the order value is, in our opinion, absurd. Wayfair now seems to recognize that it needs to square the circle which is one of the reasons it recently announced it was laying off 550 employees or 3% of its global workforce. However, as well-intentioned as this move is, we do not believe it will push Wayfair into the black. The problem isn’t that staffing costs are too high per se. The problem is that the whole business model is built on unsound foundations. Even more worrying is the fact that there is now a clear trend of slowing growth. Admittedly, Wayfair is still very impressive at generating revenue and is growing at a pace that would be the envy of most retailers, however, with advertising costs rising and losses mounting it would be reasonable to expect the pace of sales growth to at least be maintained. That this isn’t the case will exert further pressure on the bottom line. Should there be a more serious downturn in demand from either a recession or an escalated coronavirus crisis, we believe the impact could be catastrophic for Wayfair. No one denies the necessity of advertising and marketing to attract customers, especially for a category that is infrequently purchased. Equally, no one would deny that online furnishings is a hard business with relatively thin margins. However, others have made it work. Sadly, Wayfair has not. And it does not appear that it will do so any time soon. "}
{"id": "doc5711", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5712", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc5713", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc5714", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc5715", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc5716", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc5717", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc5718", "text": "Walmart’s third-quarter results have not disappointed — they show that the retail giant remains firmly on a top-line growth trajectory, especially in the U.S. where the company is benefitting from its investments in e-commerce and from more traffic to its stores. The international operation also put in a better sales performance, although this came off the back of very weak prior-year comparatives and the uplift is still diminished by a relatively poor performance in the U.K. and by the vagaries of exchange rates. As much as Walmart is powering ahead on the top line, the bottom line numbers are softer. At operating level, income declined by 5.4% as costs continue to outstrip overall revenue growth. This is down to two main factors. First, the continued drive into e-commerce with an increased emphasis on free shipping – something that has helped Walmart boost customer numbers and transactions, but which eroded profitability. Second, the investment in sharpening prices – again, a necessary evil in a competitive marketplace where Walmart needs to retain its price leadership position. Fortunately, losses from last year – which were driven by divestitures in the Brazilian operation and a loss on an investment in JD.com – did not repeat. This means that despite the decline in operating profit, Walmart’s quarterly net income was up by almost 83%. As flattering as this looks in the financial statements, it does not square the circle of underlying margin erosion. To change this, Walmart needs to improve its position in non-food, especially online. Walmart’s e-commerce growth of 41% is impressive but a lot of it is being driven by groceries – a low margin category that does not deliver robust profitability when serviced online. Driving a greater volume of higher-margin general merchandise via e-commerce is critical to bolstering operating numbers. To be fair, there is evidence that this is happening with Walmart attracting new customer demographics to its website. "}
{"id": "doc5719", "text": "However, progress is slower than Walmart would like. A lot of non-customers still view Walmart as a low-price player and not as a destination to get reasonable quality non-food items. Moreover, many lucrative online shopper segments remain wedded to Amazon, especially if they are members of its Prime program. Walmart needs to find a way to cut through on both fronts if it is to drive more profitable sales through online. Interestingly, while Walmart needs to be more Amazon-like in non-food, Amazon needs to be more like Walmart on groceries. With both players increasingly moving onto the other’s turf, competition will seriously heat up in 2020. As impressed as we are with Walmart’s progress and its evolution into an omnichannel player we see quite a few negative headwinds on the horizon. The push to ever faster, free shipping is one of them. Higher levels of competition from deep discounters, meaning even more pressure on price is another. Amazon’s more serious incursion into grocery will need to be tackled. The lack of resolution on tariffs adds a further unhelpful dimension. On top of those things are Walmart’s internal challenges as it tries to integrate online and stores and copes with various personnel changes. And then there is the potential threat of a consumer slowdown, which would hit Walmart shoppers harder than most. In sum, all these things mean that 2020 could be very challenging. Will Walmart rise to meet these challenges? We have no doubt that it will. Walmart is a formidable player with solid management, deep pockets and a sound business. However, the trajectory is now steeper, and it will have to exert more effort to succeed. It remains a long-term winner, but there is likely short-term pain ahead."}
{"id": "doc5720", "text": "After a few periods of more muted growth, Amazon’s sales uplifts accelerated during the third quarter, with a 23.7% rise in total revenue. While service sales made a solid contribution, it was product sales which registered the biggest improvement with the best rate of growth for over a year. In many ways, today’s results signify that Amazon is back on the front foot in terms of driving its online business. The better performance is mostly down to the transition from two- to one-day free shipping for Prime members, which really took hold this quarter. Our data show that this has been well received and that it has persuaded existing customers to use Amazon more – particularly for products that are needed or wanted urgently. Customers appreciate the immediacy of the delivery and now see Amazon as a more viable alternative for quick purchases. Amazon also picked up some new Prime members as a result of the change.  The transition to free one day shipping was a classic Amazon move. It put the company one step ahead of the competition and helped to create a strong point of differentiation for the customer. However, the change comes with a significant cost attached: compared to last year shipping costs are up by 46%, or by $3 billion in monetary terms. This huge hike has taken its toll on the bottom line where operating income fell by 14% and net income by 26%. Amazon will not necessarily be spooked by the increase in costs. Indeed, it sees the higher shipping expense as an investment in the Prime platform and as a way to retain the loyalty of its shoppers. As the top line results testify, there is some merit in this argument. However, one of the issues is that delivery is the new battleground for all online players. As such, it has not taken long for others such as Walmart and Best Buy to roll out their own versions of one-day delivery. Other retailers, like Target, are equally ramping up efforts around same-day in-store collection and free shipping for the holidays. Where Amazon leads, others quickly follow. The question is whether this undermines Amazon’s differentiation and the mechanism that has powered better results. To some extent, the answer is yes. As free next day delivery becomes normalized, there is less of a reason to favor Amazon over other merchants. This could well take the edge of future growth. That said, Prime acts as a partial defense against this as customers who have paid for the service are often keen to stay within the Amazon ecosystem to ensure they get value from their subscription. Equally, Amazon’s vast assortment will continue to make it a magnet for shoppers looking for convenience and value. Looked at in a broader context, the push towards faster and cheaper or no-cost delivery is a race to the bottom. It is value destructive as it is essentially subsidizing a service that customers should, in economic terms, pay for. Interestingly, the strategic point here is that Amazon can absorb this margin erosion far better than most of its rivals. This is because of the profitability of its other service divisions and because of the tolerance of investors. So, in a sense, Amazon is still winning the long-term war of attrition. Away from online and the dynamics of shipping, this was another lackluster quarter for the physical retail business where sales declined by 1%. In our view this underlines the fact that there is still a great deal more work to be done with the Whole Foods business, especially in terms of improving value for money perceptions."}
{"id": "doc5721", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5722", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc5723", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc5724", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc5725", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc5726", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc5727", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc5728", "text": "The year 2019 was another record-breaking year for Federal ADA Title III lawsuits. "}
{"id": "doc5729", "text": "Plaintiffs filed at least 11,053 ADA Title III lawsuits in federal court in 2019 — 890 (or 8.8%) more than in 2018. This is the highest number since we started tracking these lawsuits in 2013, when there were only 2,722 such lawsuits.  "}
{"id": "doc5730", "text": "These numbers include Title III lawsuits filed on all grounds — physical facilities, websites and mobile applications, service animals, sign language interpreters and more. The numbers do not include the significant number of disability access lawsuits filed in state courts which are much more difficult to accurately track."}
{"id": "doc5731", "text": "California, New York, and Florida continued to lead the country with the highest number of lawsuits by a long shot, with 4,794, 2,635, and 1,885 lawsuits, respectively.  These three states saw 84% of all the ADA Title III lawsuits nationwide, with California and New York each breaking their own records for the number of ADA Title III lawsuits."}
{"id": "doc5732", "text": "Georgia, Texas, Pennsylvania, Illinois, New Jersey, Colorado, and Alabama also made the top ten but trailed very far behind with Georgia leading the second pack with 243 lawsuits. Arizona fell out of the top ten with a dramatic decrease in lawsuit numbers (94 in 2018 to 13 in 2019), replaced by Illinois which had 190 lawsuits in 2019 — a 171% increase over 2018."}
{"id": "doc5733", "text": "Businesses in North Dakota, South Dakota, and Vermont continued to be ADA Title III lawsuit-free for the third consecutive year (2017-2019)."}
{"id": "doc5734", "text": "For the lawsuit trends in 2019 that drove these numbers, see our year-end roundup post."}
{"id": "doc5735", "text": "A note on our methodology: Our research involved a painstaking manual process of going through all federal cases that were coded as “ADA-Other” and manually culling out the ADA Title II cases in which the defendants are state and local governments.  The manual process means there is the small possibility of human error."}
{"id": "doc5736", "text": "Minh Vu is head of Seyfarth’s ADA Title III Specialty Team, and a partner in the firm’s Washington, D.C. office.  She has handled a wide array of disability discrimination matters involving public accommodations throughout the country. "}
{"id": "doc5737", "text": "Kristina Launey, a partner in Seyfarth’s Sacramento, Calif. office, is a member of the firm’s ADA Title III Specialty Team, and regularly advises and defends clients in litigation arising under Americans with Disabilities Act and related California disability access laws."}
{"id": "doc5738", "text": "Wayfair ends its fiscal year on a downbeat note, proving once again that it is incapable of operating its business profitably. "}
{"id": "doc5739", "text": "In the final quarter, the company had a net loss of $330 million, bringing the total loss for the year to an eye-watering $985 million – just shy of the billion-dollar mark. In our view, this is quite extraordinary, especially as it means losses have almost doubled since the prior year. The issue we have with Wayfair is that there is no clear path to profitability. That the company has a $1.5 billion long-term debt pile which costs it about $54 million a year in interest is bad enough. But on top of this, its operating metrics are incredibly weak and do not even hint at the business being sustainable. Taking out advertising costs, at operating level Wayfair made a $5.4 million operating profit this quarter; nowhere near enough to cover the interest payment on its debts."}
{"id": "doc5740", "text": "However, the situation is worse than this because of the amount Wayfair spends on advertising. This quarter advertising expense came to $310.9 million, bringing the total spend for the year to $1.1 billion. This exceptional level of cost puts an enormous hole in profits at operating level and means Wayfair is deeply unprofitable."}
{"id": "doc5741", "text": "The math behind this all makes for unattractive reading: "}
{"id": "doc5742", "text": "Basically, even without advertising, Wayfair’s model generates no profit; with advertising it is plunged into the red. And spending $28 on advertising per order, which amounts to over 12% of the order value is, in our opinion, absurd. Wayfair now seems to recognize that it needs to square the circle which is one of the reasons it recently announced it was laying off 550 employees or 3% of its global workforce. However, as well-intentioned as this move is, we do not believe it will push Wayfair into the black. The problem isn’t that staffing costs are too high per se. The problem is that the whole business model is built on unsound foundations. Even more worrying is the fact that there is now a clear trend of slowing growth. Admittedly, Wayfair is still very impressive at generating revenue and is growing at a pace that would be the envy of most retailers, however, with advertising costs rising and losses mounting it would be reasonable to expect the pace of sales growth to at least be maintained. That this isn’t the case will exert further pressure on the bottom line. Should there be a more serious downturn in demand from either a recession or an escalated coronavirus crisis, we believe the impact could be catastrophic for Wayfair. No one denies the necessity of advertising and marketing to attract customers, especially for a category that is infrequently purchased. Equally, no one would deny that online furnishings is a hard business with relatively thin margins. However, others have made it work. Sadly, Wayfair has not. And it does not appear that it will do so any time soon. "}
{"id": "doc5743", "text": "Sixty-nine percent of consumers believe a good in-store experience is important, according to the “State of Consumer Behavior Report” by Raydiant. "}
{"id": "doc5744", "text": "This means that unless retailers intend on serving the 31% of consumers who don’t care about the in-store experience, they cannot thrive in 2020 without great in-store experiences. In an era where consumers can buy everything from toothpaste to a car with the click of a button, retail stores must offer value beyond the products on the shelves. "}
{"id": "doc5745", "text": "Low prices can get people in the door, but no one wants to win a race to the bottom on price. Razor-thin margins eventually come back to haunt the companies that create them.By developing better in-store experiences, retailers can build a thriving culture as they delight all the customers who come through their doors. Only at brick-and-mortar locations can retailers leverage physical interactions to foster a sense of ownership and brand affinity. Today’s consumers prefer to buy from companies that take relationships beyond transactional. To build those relationships, retailers must start with experiences. "}
{"id": "doc5746", "text": "Better in-store experiences in the wildPlenty of retailers have shifted their focus to in-store experiences and found immediate success. Tiffany and Co., for example, opened its Style Studio in London in 2018, where customers could get their hands on more accessibly priced Tiffany products. "}
{"id": "doc5747", "text": "The Style Studio became an instant hit. Not only could customers shop products they could afford, but they could also enjoy interactive experiences as they shopped. Vending machines with perfume and a jewelry engraving bar provided plenty of social media-worthy moments. "}
{"id": "doc5748", "text": "The experiences of customers at the Style Studio reflect the expectations of consumers around the world. People understand that retail has changed, and they no longer visit stores for the same reasons as they did in the past. Today’s audiences want experiences that are educational, entertaining, and worth remembering. "}
{"id": "doc5749", "text": "Not every store needs to drop thousands of dollars on custom equipment to make an impression, though. One Ikea store in the U.K found out that people shared a dream of sleeping in the store’s showroom, so Ikea invited 100 people to spend the night, no fancy equipment necessary."}
{"id": "doc5750", "text": "For retailers looking for something a little more practical, small tweaks can make a big difference. If you don’t want to host a sleepover and can’t afford to drop $50,000 on custom equipment, try the following tips to give your customers a better in-store experience. "}
{"id": "doc5751", "text": "1. Appeal to all the sensesPhysical locations have opportunities to create multisensory experiences that e-commerce options can’t match. Instead of relying solely on ads or music, design experiences that get customers more involved. "}
{"id": "doc5752", "text": "Let people try free samples or smell different fragrances. Take a few products out of their boxes to let customers get hands-on experience. Not only do deeper experiences make customers happy, but increased engagement with products can also lead to feelings of ownership, which in turn lead to more sales."}
{"id": "doc5753", "text": "2. Turn the buyers into the makers.People buy products all the time. How many get the chance to make something themselves, though? Offer personalization and customization services like engraving to turn a quick purchase into a more engaging experience."}
{"id": "doc5754", "text": "If it makes sense for the product, invite people to attend a class or event. Teach people how to make jewelry, how to get the most from their new sound systems, or how to maintain their bicycles. People who get a say in the style of their purchases before they buy are far more likely to come back to the brand behind the experience."}
{"id": "doc5755", "text": "3. Give regulars a reason to keep coming back The Pareto Principle, which states that 80% of results come from only 20% of causes, applies strongly to retail sales. Loyalists who make repeat purchases and who advocate for the brand are far more valuable than people who only buy something every once in a while. Businesses that incentivize in-store visits from loyalists can enjoy dramatic boosts in repeat sales."}
{"id": "doc5756", "text": "Think about what drew the best customers to the brand in the first place. What does this store do better than anyone else? Why would someone who knows a lot about this industry prefer this brand? Leverage that information into service design and experiences that reinforce loyalist feelings — and encourage those loyalists to recruit their friends into the fold. "}
{"id": "doc5757", "text": "4. Integrate the digital and the physical. Marketers love to talk about “omnichannel” funnels. In retail, omnichannel strategies account for the fact that customers never fully disconnect from the online world. Instead of fighting that inevitability, embrace it by incorporating digital experience boosters in physical stores. "}
{"id": "doc5758", "text": "Possibilities for digital integration vary widely from one vertical to another. A makeup chain could get a location-specific filter for Snapchat and ask users to submit selfies into a contest. A motor sports outlet could use VR to let riders get a better feel for potential bikes. Digital signage throughout the store can immerse visitors in a completely blended experience, helping visits evolve beyond the transactional."}
{"id": "doc5759", "text": "What will the in-store experiences of the future look like, and which brands will own the most successful ones? Retail won’t disappear any time soon. The best brands will use this opportunity to understand what customers want and design experiences that turn everyday visitors into diehard brand fanatics."}
{"id": "doc5760", "text": "Bobby Marhamat is the CEO of Raydiant Screen Signage."}
{"id": "doc5761", "text": "There’s no nice way of saying it: J.C. Penney was one of the losers over the holidays. Sales continue to be eroded significantly, with total revenue down by 7.7% and comparables down by 7%. Both slides come off the back of declines in the prior year and are the latest in a long line of deteriorating numbers. This quarter, the bottom line was in the black with a $102 million operating profit, although $73 million of interest expense meant that this translated into a relatively meager $25 million of net income before taxes."}
{"id": "doc5762", "text": "Some of the sales decline is down to a deliberate pullback from certain categories, such as appliances. When this is accounted for, comparables dropped by 4.7% – a less steep decline, but one that still places JCP firmly in the losers camp. The good news is that stepping back from low-margin products has allowed a 200-basis point improvement in the cost of goods sold, which is a chink of light in an otherwise gloomy set of results."}
{"id": "doc5763", "text": "Although we recognize the work Jill Soltau and her team are undertaking to improve J.C. Penney’s position and attractiveness, the reality on the ground is that most stores deliver an experience that is well below par. They are messy, crowded with bland merchandise, and lack any energy or inspiration. It is, therefore, hardly surprising that many shoppers are abandoning them and taking their business elsewhere. Despite attempts to understand consumers better, JCP’s management has yet to stem this tide. And doing so will be difficult as it will require radical change and impactful marketing to inform lapsed shoppers of the improvements. Both things require capital and a strong balance sheet, neither of which J.C. Penney has."}
{"id": "doc5764", "text": "None of this is to say that improvements have not been made. It would be unfair not to recognize that JCP has a new energy since Ms. Soltau took the reins; it’s just that this energy is very much diluted by the time it gets down to the shop floor. While there has been a clear reduction in inventory, shop floors are still too densely packed with stock. While some own-label brands have been revamped, they still lack coherence in terms of display and merchandising. And while there has been talk about adding more services to stores, this has not found its way to most of JCP’s outlets. Sadly, all of this gives us the impression that JCP is being given some pain relief pills when it desperately needs a blood transfusion and multiple organ transplants."}
{"id": "doc5765", "text": "Part of the future solution must be to cut dead wood from the company which includes shuttering underperforming stores, especially those which are in malls where investments will not generate returns. As such we welcome the decision to close at least six more shops across this year, although we question whether this goes far enough. By shrinking the business, resources can be directed to those locations that do have a future. If the kind of thinking that has been demonstrated in the trial store in Hurst, Texas can be applied to other locations, the business may see some meaningful results."}
{"id": "doc5766", "text": "It is important to recognize that none of the issues are caused by Ms. Soltau. She inherited them and is now sorting them out. In our view, she is the right person to do so and is the best prospect JCP has. We remain impressed by her customer-centric views, her commonsense approach to retailing, and by her experience in the industry."}
{"id": "doc5767", "text": "Indeed, there is no doubt that JCP is on a better heading because it has a captain who understands the waters of retail. However, its ship is not in good shape and has several holes. With many waves threatening to overwhelm it, whether the craft remains seaworthy or at the bottom of the ocean remains to be seen."}
{"id": "doc5768", "text": "With many still focused on new years resolutions, retailers were already busy making future plans. In fact, some 40,000 of them gathered to share their innovative business ideas at NRF 2020 in New York City. It was an event that opened up the eyes of many."}
{"id": "doc5769", "text": "The three-day show allowed visitors to share both their past experiences and their 2020 vision with 16,000 retailers from 99 countries, with 800 exhibitions in all and sessions filled with valuable takeaways. "}
{"id": "doc5770", "text": "I had the chance to be there – and trust me, it was worth every minute! From social commerce, consumer behavior trends, and client loyalty to sustainability and capitalizing waste. We live in a world where our consumers are more demanding each day. Clients need product quality and great CX while calling for social and environmental responsibility. Today, retailers are obliged to think about those demands, and in order to meet them, they need to have a solid vision for the years ahead. "}
{"id": "doc5771", "text": "That was the purpose of this year’s NRF: to look at the retail horizon. All of the industry makers came together to see beyond what we already know about the business and to reveal their predictions about the future. With plenty of learnings to choose from, I would like to share four subjects every retailer should keep in mind for their future business strategy. "}
{"id": "doc5772", "text": "As many experts exposed during the sessions, omnichannel will continue to be extremely important for any retail brand, but brick-and-mortar will also keep playing a key role at the center of each experience. "}
{"id": "doc5773", "text": "Some years ago, we might have thought that brick-and-mortar stores would go extinct with the arrival of e-commerce. But recent years have proved us wrong. In fact, digitally native brands are predicted to open 850 brick-and-mortar stores in the next 5 years. At NRF, we discovered that brick-and-mortar stores are the options brands today are opting for to set themselves apart from their competitors."}
{"id": "doc5774", "text": "The omnichannel experience is showing us that street-side stores still stand out in terms of offered value, not only because of how aesthetically beautiful the stores are set up, but also of how retailers can make the shopping experience unique, faster, seamless, and frictionless. That’s why today, we are starting to see offerings like in-store pickups and return, frictionless check-out, and the innovative experience of having third-party storage lockers that allow multiple sources to fulfill orders in a single location."}
{"id": "doc5775", "text": "Moreover, brick-and-mortar stores are allowing retailers to enhance CX with creative features. As we saw at NRF, technology today is taking the shopping experience to the future with magic mirrors that apply AR to show how an outfit would look on a customer without them having to actually try out the outfit. "}
{"id": "doc5776", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores are here to stay and are hardly replaceable but retailers must also learn from it and innovate across their channels in order to offer the best omnichannel service possible."}
{"id": "doc5777", "text": "Another interesting trend for 2020 that I would definitely pay close attention to is how the vision we have for our employees should be the number one priority of each business."}
{"id": "doc5778", "text": "Inclusion needs to be at the top of our minds today, tomorrow, and always. It is not only a matter of ethics, but also of business strategy. Having a diverse team at the C-level is incredibly important for business development. Without diversity how can a brand understand and talk to a multicultural, multiethnic and diverse audience? Macy’s, for example, is betting on this by setting a goal to achieve 30% ethnic diversity at the senior director level and above by 2025. "}
{"id": "doc5779", "text": "NRF also showed that in order to improve the customer experience, retailers also need to focus on the wellbeing and happiness of their employees. As clients, we all have experienced a disengaged front line employee and this is a complete setback for brand loyalty. But what if companies started to honestly care about their employees, their vision for the company, and their talent? The outcomes would be much better. "}
{"id": "doc5780", "text": "One of the recurrent themes during the three-day show was customer experience. Of course, in the end, the fact that customers love our brands and keep shopping from online and offline stores is any retailer’s ultimate goal.  "}
{"id": "doc5781", "text": "But today, customers know a lot about any product even before they go to the store and this digital knowledge can present a challenge. Retailers need to offer a personalized and unique experience to each client profile in order to compete. It’s no longer about giving information, it’s about enhancing the information consumers already have. "}
{"id": "doc5782", "text": "How can we do that? We already talked about brick-and-mortar shopping experience opportunities, but we can also make the most out of sales and product data. The use of AI and other innovative technologies can help retailers to better use these insights to, for example, notice changes in customer purchasing habits in order to improve their customer service or to figure out their customer’s needs based on a profound product data analysis."}
{"id": "doc5783", "text": "In an era where price competition is fierce and profit margins are being squeezed as never before, retailers must adopt alternative tactics to fight back and survive the market. "}
{"id": "doc5784", "text": "Creating value and delivering it the right way is the core of customer experience and cross-selling has been proven to be one of the best tools to increase sales as it’s a win-win situation for both the retailer and the customer. The retailer will be able to easily sell more whilst the customer has a faster, easier and more gratifying experience."}
{"id": "doc5785", "text": "We’ve always had shopper assistants at physical stores who are able to assist customers with their purchases so why not mimic that in e-commerce?"}
{"id": "doc5786", "text": "Making the most out of customer and product data in order to improve cross-selling experience is a direction to take and making it part of business strategies."}
{"id": "doc5787", "text": "NRF 2020 made retailers shake their heads. The future is as challenging as exciting. High-tech is becoming one ally for retailers and in order to continue to be competitive and valid, they need to leverage it as much as possible – even if it takes baby steps. To improve customer experience, this year the attention needs to spin towards innovating what seems to be “the classics”: brick-and-mortar stores, customer experience and turning our heads to our workforce. "}
{"id": "doc5788", "text": "Anthony Ng Monica is CEO of Swogo."}
{"id": "doc5789", "text": "After a dismal set of results from many clothing retailers over the holiday period, some may be wondering whether consumers were buying much apparel at all. TJX has answered that question with its strong results: Shoppers were out buying, but they were doing so in off-price rather than in mainstream retail."}
{"id": "doc5790", "text": "Admittedly, TJX’s strong sales uplift of 9.7% comes off the back of a weaker result last year, but it is nonetheless impressive and demonstrates that the company remains a destination for apparel and homewares across many consumer segments. Indeed, our data show that over the holiday period, TJX was firmly in tune with the shopper mindset which was demanding value for money, interesting assortments, and quick inexpensive fashion fixes. As a result, footfall rose strongly – and included a solid uplift from consumers who do not regularly shop off-price. Such growth came against a much more promotional backdrop when many retailers were using discounts and offers to stimulate sales. Theoretically, this gives the consumer greater ability to shop around and to snag a bargain. In practice, however, much of the discounting continues to occur at the weaker retailers which consumers are not inspired to visit and is applied to merchandise that has been badly selected by buying offices and is therefore unappealing to consumers. That TJX can trade successfully against an onslaught of discounting bodes well for 2020 when we believe that promotions will become more widespread and deeper. Within the U.S., the TJMaxx and Marshalls division posted a comparable uplift of 6%. From our channel checks, the merchandise at both TJMaxx and Marshalls was superior to that of rivals and contained far more must-have brands and items that could be worn for parties and events over the holiday season. This strong assortment helped to drive sales among consumers who were buying gifts and making self-purchases. The HomeGoods business also had a good quarter with a comparable uplift of 5%. This is an advancement on performance across the rest of 2019 and demonstrates the importance of holiday décor to the business. As we have noted before, one of the issues with HomeGoods is the relatively static nature of the offer which deters repeat visits and buying. However, this applies less to the holiday season when HomeGoods pulls out all the stops for decorations and festive accessories and benefits from increased footfall and conversion as a result. Going forward, the trick is to inject more newness into the assortment between seasons. Overseas results were also strong with the international division, excluding Canada, posting a 10% uplift in comparable sales. Some economic and consumer uncertainty in Europe helped to create a more conscious mindset among shoppers who switched to off-price to save money over the holidays. We believe that these trends are set to continue across most of 2020 which should be broadly beneficial for TJX. On the bottom line, TJX continues to deliver with a 17% uplift in net income over the prior year. This was largely thanks to the underlying improvements in productivity and careful cost management."}
{"id": "doc5791", "text": "Looking ahead, we remain positive about TJX. While the competitive environment is intensifying in off-price, TJX stands head and shoulders above most other players. This, and a consumer mindset that remains predisposed to saving money, bodes well."}
{"id": "doc5792", "text": "The best thing that can be said about Macy’s fourth-quarter results is that they won’t be as bad as some other players in the department store segment. Such faint praise underlines the fact that Macy’s isn’t really making much progress and has yet to address the fundamental weaknesses in its business model and proposition. Quite naturally, Macy’s is trying to put a gloss on the results by pointing out that the comparable sales shrink of 0.6% is a marked improvement on the decline of 3.9% it posted in the third quarter. While the observation is accurate it ignores the underlying math. The improvement is largely down to a much softer prior year comparative in quarter four than in quarter three; it is categorically not an indication that Macy’s strategy is bearing fruit. Equally, Macy’s claims that it executed holiday well are a partial truth. In some stores, holiday assortments were good, but in most execution was dire, and inspiration was thin on the ground. The dismal trading numbers – and the accompanying 54% decline in net income – have led Macy’s to change tack with a new Polaris strategy. This three-year plan is designed to restore profitability and growth to the ailing chain. Aside from the fact that the strategy contains many changes that should have been made years ago, Polaris seems like a sensible blueprint. The decision to accelerate the closure of underperforming stores is reasonable, not least because it will allow Macy’s to concentrate investment into locations where it can generate a better return. Equally, the decision to accelerate own-label development is healthy, especially in fashion and home where it will boost margins and create a point of differentiation. That said, we do harbor some concerns. First and foremost is Macy’s ability to execute. Unfortunately, there are too many past examples where Macy’s has been unable to deliver on its plans. As such, we believe the jury is still out on whether Polaris will transform in the way Macy’s wants it to. There are also areas where it falls short. For example, the expansion of the store refurbishment program is modest – especially compared to the plans of rivals like Target – and we believe that Macy’s should have far more ambition to create a fleet of stores that is truly fit for 2020 and beyond. We are also concerned that the shuttering of so many stores may impact online traffic as the Macy’s brand becomes less visible; our own data shows a very clear relationship between sales volumes and a physical presence in a catchment, and this is something Macy’s will need to address. The decision to test new formats, such as Market by Macy’s, is innovative but not a silver bullet. In terms of location, Macy’s will still need to contend with very tough competition and from what we have seen so far, although the format and merchandise is better, we question whether it stands out enough to produce stellar results. The same applies to the expansion of the Backstage off-price format. There is no doubt that this concept has relevance, but Macy’s is essentially expanding into a market that is already extremely crowded with highly-skilled players like TJX so returns are questionable. As much as we are pleased to see Macy’s set out a grand plan, we still believe that much of the low-hanging fruit has been missed. Too many stores suffer from a lack of basic disciplines – merchandising is terrible and even tasks like dusting fixtures are overlooked. In essence, Macy’s is still failing on retail 101 and this does not bode well for its prospects in more advanced studies."}
{"id": "doc5793", "text": "Worries that the consumer economy is running out of steam have been put to rest by today’s results from Home Depot. Sales have continued to grow at a very healthy pace with comparables in the U.S. up by 5.3%. Admittedly, this is not reflected in the total net sales number, which was down by 2.7%, but this is a function of a shorter trading period this year; when this is accounted for, total revenue rose by a respectable 3.7%. Home Depot’s numbers are important as they, perhaps more than those of other retailers, reflect underlying consumer confidence: the housing market and big-ticket spending are leading indicators of the broader economy. On this front, Home Depot was helped by the continued rise in house prices which provides consumers with the confidence and impetus to invest in large-scale improvement projects. While housing transactions are somewhat choppy, they remain at solid levels meaning there are plenty of consumers looking to invest in their new homes. It would be unfair to credit all of Home Depot’s success to market conditions. Our data continue to show that consumers are thinking more carefully about expensive purchases, including on home improvement projects. However, in our view, Home Depot has excelled at making life easy for the customer by removing roadblocks on the purchase journey – something that helps it to gain market share and to stimulate spend. A lot of this is about multichannel execution, which is attractive to both trade and regular shoppers as it saves them time. However, greater investment in digital – including functions like visual search, which allows people using the app to take a picture of a product which Home Depot then matches with products it stocks – are helping to further improve engagement. Such investments are critical at a time when competition is increasing, especially from Lowe’s. Home Depot seems determined to rise to this challenge and to maintain the distance it has put between it and its nearest rival. This was partly evident in the holiday assortment where execution in categories like holiday décor, winter home preparation and other festive assortments was far stronger at Home Depot than Lowe’s. In our opinion this underlines the executional prowess of Home Depot and its ability to take advantage of seasonal events – both things that ultimately drive footfall into stores. That said, we still maintain our view that a nimbler Lowe’s poses a medium-term risk which could moderate Home Depot’s growth rate. Looking ahead, the near-term prospects look solid. For the upcoming fiscal year, Home Depot expects underlying sales to grow in the range of 3.5% to 4.0%. Given the current state of the housing market we believe that such an uplift is attainable. However, we caution that conditions could still soften, especially if consumers continue to become more cautious and if the upcoming presidential election proves to be distracting and disruptive. In such circumstances, the forecast could be downgraded, albeit only to a modest degree. Other retailers will no doubt look at Home Depot’s current results and its forecast with some envy. However, they should also note that Home Depot’s achievements have been earned. This is a company that does not stand still: it invests, changes and progresses on all fronts and, as such, it is an example of how to succeed and engineer success in a difficult retail environment. We have confidence that management will continue to evolve in the year ahead."}
{"id": "doc5794", "text": "Google’s recent revamp of its product discovery tool is designed to fend off competition in the U.S. from Amazon in the $55 billion search advertising market. "}
{"id": "doc5795", "text": "How does this turf battle between the two tech giants affect retailers and their customers?  Google renamed its Shopping Express product discovery tool to Google Shopping, and improved capabilities to make it easier for consumers to find and buy products online. As it is, more and more consumers use Amazon instead of Google to research products because Amazon has made it so easy for them to shop and buy. "}
{"id": "doc5796", "text": "As a result, Google’s market share of search ad revenue is expected to drop from 73% this year to 70% by 2021, while Amazon’s market share will grow from 12.9% to 15.9% in the same period, according to an eMarketer forecast.   If you’re a digitally enabled retailer, Google and Amazon’s tug-of-war can benefit you in two ways.  Google’s defensive move to improve its product discovery platform benefits both online retailers and traditional retailers with online stores. By removing the friction from online browsing to purchase, shoppers can now more easily buy products directly through Google’s shopping platform (like they would on Amazon or another retailer’s website).   Second, traditional stores with a solid online presence can get their products in front of more shoppers. Even if a consumer’s shopping journey begins online with a Google search, the majority of consumers still prefer to go into a physical store. The store’s distinct advantages of sensory selection, try before you buy, instant gratification, and fulfillment should not be underestimated.  A new report Eagle Eye just released, “The Connected Customer,” validates this premise. The majority of consumers in the U.S., U.K., Australia, and Canada will research products on their mobile device or online before making a purchase. But some 90% of all sales (including click-and-collect purchases) are still completed in a store. Retailers need to assure their physical presence by doubling down on their location in the online world.  Creating a “digitally augmented store”Although we live in a highly connected world, too often digital capabilities disappear inside the store, limiting customers’ options to discover new products or learn more about the ones they love and could be incentivized to buy. That’s a big pain point for shoppers and an even bigger pain point for retailers that are missing out on sales. A “digitally augmented store” can address these challenges.  Whether it’s a restaurant, sales venue or any type of physical location with a physical point of sale, these businesses can take advantage of an additional digital “layer.” This mobile-enabled layer allows them to engage with customers through different online channels; for example, the brand website, their social media accounts and a loyalty program app, while they’re inside the store.   In this environment, retailers can create opportunities for customers to discover and experience products in ways their online-only rivals can’t. Interactive signage or shelf-labels can be scanned on customers’ mobile devices to deliver detailed product information. With the right technology, customers can be sent promotions when they’re approaching a store, through a mobile app with geolocation settings turned on. "}
{"id": "doc5797", "text": "Our research shows 31% of consumers are very likely to make an unplanned purchase if they receive a promotion on their mobile when they are near a store. A relevant and personalized offer can also drive 33% of customers to make unplanned purchases.  The greatest benefit of using mobile-enabled digital tools to augment your retail store is the chance to learn a lot more about your customers from the data they choose to share. This can drive insight that can be used to tailor offers and promotions most relevant to them or encourage the discovery of new products that the data infers they’re likely to buy. It’s a successfully proven practice (thank you, Amazon) that retailers of all types and sizes shouldn’t be afraid to apply.  Taking a page from online competitors’ playbooks, retailers with physical stores can collect valuable data whenever they digitally connect with customers to inform future promotions and return visits. They should also match this with the ways they engage customers at the paid advertising and social search phases of the journey online.  During 2020, Google, Amazon and other players in the search ad market will be vying for the minds and wallets of consumers who are almost always digitally connected, at any stage of the shopping journey. Adapting your retail operations to this new environment and making sure your digitally augmented store is ready to capitalize on the new and emerging online product discovery and drive both footfall sales in the year ahead.  Miya Knights is head of industry insight at Eagle Eye."}
{"id": "doc5798", "text": "That L Brands has opted to sell a majority stake in Victoria’s Secret is a tacit recognition that the brand was on the road to nowhere under its previous leadership. This is underlined by the departure of Les Wexner as CEO and chairman of the company. While still a retailer of significant scale, Victoria’s Secret has become increasingly detached from the consumer zeitgeist. Management has seemingly recognized this to be the case on many occasions but has always lacked the will or the knowledge to make the necessary changes. This has resulted in a steady decline in both customers and sales and the loss of a significant amount of market share. The deal with Sycamore potentially gives Victoria’s Secret a chance to reassess and rebuild. However, the transaction itself is not a solution, that can only come from a process of reinvention which will take both time and money to enact. This is one of the reasons why the sale of the 55% stake netted a relatively slim $525 million. The truth is that the Victoria’s Secret brand no longer attracts a premium in the way it once did. In our view, Sycamore will be keen to maximize its investment and its closer involvement with the company will bring new thinking and ultimately a new positioning for the brand. We expect this to be more authentic, less sexualized, and more attuned to the way most consumers now think. In product terms, we expect merchandise will still be fashionable and fun, but more emphasis will be placed on comfort, functionality, materials and making consumers feel good about themselves. This transformation will not happen overnight — it is not as simple as simply flicking a switch to turn off a proposition that has been misaligned for years. The board will need to be careful in charting a new course that resonates with consumers and addresses new competitive challenges such as the rise of rival brands like Aerie. Aside from its significant minority stake in Victoria’s Secret, L Brand is now a company focused on the Bath & Body Works business. In our opinion, Bath & Body Works still has significant potential, especially in terms of expanding into overseas markets and attracting new shoppers to its stores. However, it’s long run of very strong growth does make future gains harder to come by and L Brands will need to pull out all the stops to deliver them. Today’s transaction could have been avoided if L Brands had taken decisive action on Victoria’s Secret a long time ago. That it didn’t has cost the company what was once a key brand and has diminished its sale value. Ultimately, that is the price of being asleep in a market that has become more woke."}
{"id": "doc5799", "text": "Regional grocers have a target on their back. Their biggest rivals are getting bigger, unlocking extra savings that they are reinvesting in their businesses. Competition from hard discounters and Amazon is intensifying. Costs are rising. But in spite of these and other threats, the best-run regional players can still secure a prosperous future—as Bain & Company’s latest Advocacy in Retail study illustrates."}
{"id": "doc5800", "text": "With research firm ROIRocket, we surveyed more than 14,000 grocery shoppers in the U.S., examining how likely they were to recommend grocers to a friend or colleague. More than three dozen grocers were assessed in this way, including national and regional supermarket chains, warehouse clubs, discounters and dollar stores. Against the odds, regional players took the top four positions in the ranking. "}
{"id": "doc5801", "text": "Texas-headquartered H-E-B emerged with the most committed cheerleaders. Its Net Promoter Score, a customer advocacy measure, was a stratospheric 69, 11 points ahead of the second-place grocer. H-E-B’s devoted following in the Southwest reflects how it leans into everything local, from tortilla chips shaped like the Lone Star State to a “Quest for Texas Best” competition showcasing regional food and drink makers. “I love H-E-B with a passion,” one customer told us, praising its local roots and the quality of its items. “The regional product lines are unique,” another observed."}
{"id": "doc5802", "text": "The regional discounter WinCo came in second with a Net Promoter Score of 58, thanks to a very different approach. WinCo delights its customers with ultra-low prices enabled by a company-wide culture of thrift. For instance, to save on labor costs, it doesn’t employ baggers."}
{"id": "doc5803", "text": "Distinctive private-label products and prepared foods helped third-place Wegmans secure a Net Promoter Score of 54. Fellow regional player Publix also did well; its fourth-place Net Promoter Score of 52 reflected what shoppers described as “extraordinary” and “exceptional” customer service."}
{"id": "doc5804", "text": "One thing uniting H-E-B, WinCo, Wegmans and Publix is that they excel in at least one retail dimension, such as assortment, price or service. That’s likely to be vital over the next decade. Our analysis suggests that nurturing a crisply differentiated value proposition is one of three key strategic actions that can help regional grocers thrive, even as margins in general come under pressure."}
{"id": "doc5805", "text": "That might sound obvious, but it’s surprising how many regional grocers are uniformly average. They could get by with this in the past because of their strong local relative market share (RMS), a measure of their size advantage over immediate competitors. Being No. 1 or No. 2 locally offers significant cost advantages that tend to lift profit margins."}
{"id": "doc5806", "text": "However, regional grocers can no longer rely on that local RMS boost alone. Now, their biggest competitors are leveraging absolute scale to fund both price reductions for customers and the vast investments needed to master online grocery and innovation. Lacking the resources to excel on all fronts, regional chains must make the necessary trade-offs to stand out in at least one or two ways."}
{"id": "doc5807", "text": "The second key strategic action ties in with this changing notion of scale. Regional grocers need to minimize their size disadvantage by outhustling bigger players and creating virtual scale (through partnership deals, for instance). The nimblest leadership teams are already doing this."}
{"id": "doc5808", "text": "Take the outhustling part. Some regional grocers are becoming adept at moving from concept to pilot to rollout at a speed that eludes national or international players. Meanwhile, virtual scale can be key to building a powerful presence in online grocery. Most regional grocers can’t afford to do that on their own, or don’t have the in-house expertise required. It can make more sense to find specialist partners to help, but without going so far as to outsource digital strategy to others."}
{"id": "doc5809", "text": "Bold and rigorous cost management is the third strategic action that regional grocers need to prioritize. While scale retailers may be leading the way on unlocking cost savings, the most forward-thinking regional players are redoubling their own efforts to find the fuel for investment. Being medium-sized doesn’t mean they can’t achieve eye-catching results."}
{"id": "doc5810", "text": "Consider one regional grocer that saved more than 3% on cost of goods sold through a data-led rethink of supplier negotiations. The same grocer scored further wins across its cost base. It reduced labor costs by introducing robotic floor cleaners and other automation, for example. It also freed up additional funds for investment by moving some deli and bakery tasks out of stores, as well as by adopting an advanced analytics–driven workforce management model."}
{"id": "doc5811", "text": "Looking at the strongest regional grocers, including those that scored well in our Advocacy in Retail study, we see other common characteristics, such as reasonably competitive prices and a rising market share. But these three key strategic actions—nurturing crisp differentiation, minimizing scale disadvantage and managing costs boldly—are at the very heart of what’s needed to survive the transition to a more digital and concentrated industry. Some regional players are already well placed to make that shift, and there’s still time for others to follow suit."}
{"id": "doc5812", "text": "Stephen Caine is a Bain & Company partner based in Chicago. Wes Janson is a partner based in Dallas. Karl Zimmermann is a partner based in Boston. All are members of Bain’s Retail practice."}
{"id": "doc5813", "text": "The year 2020 has started with modest growth in pure retail, where sales rose by 2.7%. However, this slower growth is not caused by economic difficulties as the consumer was still out spending on autos and foodservice and was willing to fork out more money on gasoline. Confidence and spending power are there, however, retailers need to work much harder if they want to tap into them. Consumer spending was robust in January with total retail sales up by a solid 4.6% – an uplift comfortably above the long-term average monthly growth rate. However, much of this was down to increased spending on autos, foodservice and gas, the latter up sharply thanks to higher prices at the pump. Nevertheless, these trends show that the American consumer is still reasonably confident and therefore willing and able to spend. When it comes to pure retail – which excludes gas, autos and foodservice – spend increased by a respectable, but modest 2.7%. This is below the long-term average monthly growth rate and significantly below December’s uplift of 5.7%. The consumer is clearly not prioritizing buying products, but a lot of this is down to unfavorable ranges, boredom with buying and some unfavorable weather. It is not the result of economic malaise or a lack of spending power. At a sector level, apparel had a bad month with sales at clothing stores down by 0.7% over last year. Heavy discounting, unfavorable weather across some parts of the country, and a lack of compelling ranges at key players all contributed to the dip. "}
{"id": "doc5814", "text": "Electronics stores also performed badly, with sales down by 2.9%. A lack of new innovative products contributed to waning consumer interest, especially after the December buying spree. "}
{"id": "doc5815", "text": "On the flip slide, home furnishings sales held up with revenue at specialist stores up by 2%. Grocery stores and supermarkets also put in a good performance with sales up by 2.9%. Overall, this is a reasonable start to the year. But retailers will need to work a lot harder to generate growth and persuade consumers to buy across 2020 than they did in 2019."}
{"id": "doc5816", "text": "Remember playing with dominoes as a kid? You’d set them up, either in a straight line or a windy path, and with a gentle push of a game piece, the whole configuration would collapse. I’m sure you’re picturing it now, all the dominoes toppling over in sequence, one after the other until the entire arrangement finally dismantles. It’s this childhood image that perfectly describes the sequence of triggered events known as the domino effect."}
{"id": "doc5817", "text": "In more technical terms, the domino effect refers to a string of events caused by a single act, which then prompts another act, and then another, and another, until finally there’s no longer a catalyst to initiate a new event. The second that last domino falls, the damage is done. "}
{"id": "doc5818", "text": "With recent news of the coronavirus outbreak in China, retailers and business partners can’t help but think of those falling dominoes, each one signifying a critical obstacle preventing further growth. The worst part is, these kinds of fluke events remain completely out of our control, making it that much more difficult to develop proper contingency plans. "}
{"id": "doc5819", "text": "To better understand the challenges posed by the coronavirus, as well as the other geopolitical events that disrupt supply chain operations, let’s take a closer look at the rippling effect caused by this health crisis and see how it’s disrupting today’s global economy."}
{"id": "doc5820", "text": "Coronavirus Chaos"}
{"id": "doc5821", "text": "The coronavirus outbreak appeared in late January 2020 in China’s industrial and economic hub of Wuhan, located in the country’s Hubei province. Since then, it’s infected nearly 29,000 people across the globe, killing almost 600 in its wake. In China alone, over 28,000 cases have been reported, making it the most vulnerable location for possible transmission. "}
{"id": "doc5822", "text": "For retailers and business partners alike, the coronavirus is more than just a health concern; it’s an existing threat to the world’s global economic system. That’s because Wuhan stands as ground zero for high-tech manufacturing industries like automobile, technology, chemical, life science, health care, and retail. It’s also the epicenter of China’s crude oil and natural gas imports. And to emphasize just how important the region is to global trade, check these facts: Wuhan’s contributing GDP reached $213 billion in 2018, and to date, more than half of the Fortune 500 businesses have operations in the area, including Apple, Starbucks, and Costco Wholesale. "}
{"id": "doc5823", "text": "As a result of the virus, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a transportation blockade around the Hubei province, which houses nearly 60 million citizens. Several other country-wide mandates have also confined people to their homes indefinitely. Meanwhile, governments in the United States, Europe, and Asia have imposed travel regulations of their own, which not only block visitors from China, but also enforce mandatory screenings of those returning from the country. "}
{"id": "doc5824", "text": "The United States, for example, ordered a 14-day quarantine of all non-Americans arriving from China, while major air carriers, including American Airlines, Delta, and United, have temporarily suspended all China-bound flights, prompting Singapore to announce its own ban on Chinese visitors. If we go back to that domino analogy, just imagine the number of pieces that have already toppled over in the early wake of the coronavirus. But wait, there’s more. Because of the enforced lockdown of Wuhan, corporate offices in China have ordered factories and manufacturing mills to shut down indefinitely. "}
{"id": "doc5825", "text": "In addition, pharmaceutical companies, financial institutions, and technology corporations have asked workforces to evacuate the area. Some businesses have even started relocating staff out of China for up to six months, forcing families to seek new accommodations and schooling options for children. And with people stuck home for the time being, retail stores have shuttered doors in an effort to mitigate operational costs. Apple, for example, has shut down operations until February 9th, and Levi Strauss has closed thousands of outlets across the country. "}
{"id": "doc5826", "text": "With Chinese consumer spending and industrial production at a standstill, economists have already lowered expectations for first-quarter growth. Similarly, economists have stated first-quarter spending in the United States will falter as well, since Chinese tourists to the U.S.—the world’s biggest-spending travelers—won’t be able to contribute. According to Wall Street Journal, “the twin hits to businesses and consumers promise to, at least temporarily, reduce China’s appetite for imports, despite its trade-deal pledge to boost purchases of U.S. goods and services by $200 billion over the next two years."}
{"id": "doc5827", "text": "So What’s Next?"}
{"id": "doc5828", "text": "The coronavirus and its lingering uncertainties have led to an overall disruption in global supply chains and world-wide economies. But there are steps organizations can take to mitigate impact. "}
{"id": "doc5829", "text": "This is the obvious first-step solution, since it automatically removes China from the supply chain equation, allowing other non-affected parties in different geographical locations to keep supply chain operations running smoothly. Incidentally, many retailers have already started diversifying their sourcing and manufacturing operations on account of the existing trade war between the U.S. and China and China’s shifting footprint in global politics. Still, despite the seemingly straightforwardness of this solution, it’s a risky move that involves a lot of time and even more investment. Plus, retailers should be aware of the varying compliance regulations and production capabilities per region. "}
{"id": "doc5830", "text": "Retailers can adopt retail software platforms that monitor, track, and manage potential supply chain disruptions in real-time. With these multi-enterprise solutions, each and every supply chain stakeholder can connect seamlessly on a single platform, allowing instantaneous communication on any threat to a well-managed supply chain (i.e., new developments around city and government lockdowns of industrial areas and potential transportation interruptions.). More importantly, these stakeholders have 100%  visibility into all supply chain operations, giving them leeway to make alternative business decisions and restorative actions. "}
{"id": "doc5831", "text": "Supply chain risk is inevitable, so retail organizations should consider using cost analysis tools to better assess ROI amid disruptive events, like the coronavirus outbreak. These costing tools allow retailers to easily forecast, prepare for, and mitigate potential financial risk. "}
{"id": "doc5832", "text": "Looking Ahead"}
{"id": "doc5833", "text": "Wuhan and its surrounding areas remain vital assets to the global supply chain community. But as long as China’s quarantine stands in place, supply chain disruption will continue until the coronavirus outbreak is finally contained. And while experts predict this could last from three to six months, the severity of economic impact is still unknown."}
{"id": "doc5834", "text": "However, the coronavirus is just one of many political and environmental events that posed disruption to the global economy in recent months, which points to an emerging need for software tools that manage supply chain complexity in an increasingly unstable geopolitical climate. That said, it’s best for retailers and their supply chain partners to start implementing risk mitigation strategies as soon as possible to prevent even further financial damage."}
{"id": "doc5835", "text": "Sue Welch is the CEO of Bamboo Rose, whose Multi-Enterprise Product and Supply Chain Platform connects the retail community to help retailers and brands bring great products to market faster, more efficiently and at higher margins. The B2B platform combines end-to-end solutions, including the Bamboo Rose Marketplace, product lifecycle management, sourcing, purchase order management, global trade management, and financing, all supported by intelligent engines for optimization, costing, and scheduling. Additionally, with the Bamboo Rose What-If Costing solution, users can recognize and understand the financial damage of a supply chain disruption by calculating potential incurred costs, allowing them to take restorative action before even submitting a final purchase order."}
{"id": "doc5836", "text": "As big retail adjusts to the tax complexities resulting from the Supreme Court’s Wayfair ruling, there is one unintended consequence that is getting little attention, but will likely become a significant risk to the sector in the years to come. For executives tasked with ensuring their organizations are compliant with the proliferation of economic nexus and tax liabilities, it is critical that they anticipate the very real possibility of predatory “qui tam” lawsuits targeting their companies. "}
{"id": "doc5837", "text": "What are “qui tam” lawsuits?Also known as whistleblower or false claims cases, “qui tam” cases are lawsuits alleging fraudulent conduct, which are filed by an individual against a defendant on behalf of the government in exchange for a portion of the recovery that the government receives (often 20% – 35%). These cases have been around for years in various forms, such as Medicare and Medicaid fraud, government spending and contracts, and regulatory oversight of pharmaceuticals.  However, more recently, states are updating their laws that will allow individuals to apply these types of cases against retailers in a tax context. "}
{"id": "doc5838", "text": "Qui tam cases are especially concerning because they involve a highly technical and complex area of law, have lookback periods that extend far beyond the general statute of limitations for state taxes and often impose treble (triple) damages in addition to interest. Retailers must collect or remit perfectly or face potential legal action seeking reward against underpayment (qui tam) or over collection (class action). Depending on the compliance infraction, qui tam cases can be extremely lucrative for the whistleblower."}
{"id": "doc5839", "text": "Of course, many of these types of lawsuits do not contain fraudulent activity, but are instead raised by opportunistic plaintiffs (referred to as “relators”) who know that the severe penalties and costs incurred to defend the lawsuit can result in favorable settlements.  Most frequently, we see these lawsuits in the sales tax area as state laws are painfully nuanced (e.g., try understanding why Snickers and Twix have different sales tax treatment in Illinois—the reason relates to flour).  These claims are relatively simple to advance because a company’s sales tax policies are easily identified, and the relator generally requires no insider knowledge to initially put a case together."}
{"id": "doc5840", "text": "New York and Illinois are the two most prolific states in terms of tax qui tam lawsuits.  In fact, there is a plaintiff firm in Illinois that has filed over 1,000 whistleblower lawsuits on behalf of the state against retailers, alleging the improper failure to collect sales tax, receiving at least $10 million in proceeds over the last 15-plus years (almost entirely through settlement).  In 2010, New York entered the qui tam arena for tax purposes, with the Sprint Nextel Corporation case being one of the first cases filed.  Just last year, this case set new records when Sprint Nextel Corporation and the New York State Attorney General’s Office reached a $330 million settlement in a New York False Claims Act case for an alleged sales tax violation. The whistleblower, who filed the lawsuit under an anonymous LLC, walked away with $62.7 million.  "}
{"id": "doc5841", "text": "As illustrated by Sprint, retailers could face substantial liabilities from state tax qui tam claims, and the cost of litigating a case can be expensive.  Moreover, “relators” have strong incentives to bring these types of lawsuits.  Although New York and Illinois are the two primary states where we see tax qui tam cases, Arkansas, California, the District of Columbia, and Michigan have all recently considered bills that would allow tax-related qui tam claims.  In fact, the District of Columbia is considering legislation this month.  The reason is clear:  these lawsuits can result in substantial financial recovery for the state with minimal effort, particularly if the Attorney General does not intervene."}
{"id": "doc5842", "text": "How is Wayfair Related to Qui Tam Lawsuits?The U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Wayfair permits states to impose economic nexus on out-of-state companies with no physical presence.  Since Wayfair, almost every state that has a sales tax amended its laws to require economic nexus.  Although many brick-and-mortar retailers will already be filing in states where they have a physical presence, Wayfair now requires all retailers to file in nearly every jurisdiction once the retailer surpasses the state’s minimum economic nexus requirements.  Opportunistic plaintiffs are likely to monitor retail transactions to determine whether companies are collecting sales tax on goods shipped to each state. If the retailer is not properly collecting sales tax (e.g., as a result of not complying with a state’s economic nexus rules), and the state permits individuals to file qui tam lawsuits on behalf of the state, material risk could exist. Additionally, retailers may need time to digest the complex sales tax rules in each jurisdiction where they are now required to file. Even if a retailer is compliant with Wayfair, risk could still exist if the retailer is not properly collecting sales tax on each specific transaction (e.g., the Snickers-Twix example above)."}
{"id": "doc5843", "text": "Steps to Protect Your Company With stakes being high, retailers should consider precautionary methods to reduce the risk of a qui tam lawsuit and assist in the potential defense of such a claim. Unfortunately, the obvious thought of taking a “conservative” approach, such as defaulting to collecting sales tax, may not solve the problem as many states permit class action lawsuits on taxpayers who over collect sales tax, not just claims against taxpayers who may under collect. Therefore, the first step is to shore up any uncertain positions by confirming the appropriate tax treatment and documenting any research in arriving at your conclusions.  "}
{"id": "doc5844", "text": "Remember, qui tam cases are “fraud” cases, requiring a “scienter,” or a “knowing” violation of a state’s tax laws (e.g., if you, in good faith, considered a state’s laws and simply arrived at the wrong conclusion, that should not satisfy the scienter element). As many qui tam cases involve sales tax, having a trusted advisor review your sales tax collection and remittance policies becomes increasingly important.  We also recommend having a plan in place if a qui tam lawsuit does arise. Consider whether the case will be handled out of your tax department, your general counsel’s office, or both. Have a trusted advisor on hand to contact immediately as many states have as short as a 30-day turnaround to respond to the lawsuit. And, consider whether you will fight the claim as a matter necessity, fight the claim as a matter of principle to deter others from raising similar suits, or settle based on risk or nuisance value. "}
{"id": "doc5845", "text": "The financial incentive and protections offered by qui tam cases will drive more intense scrutiny of business tax practices, leaving taxpayers with heightened liability risks both from state taxing authorities, and potentially from relators seeking a payout.  The holding in Wayfair could jumpstart an entire new class of claims in states if retailers are not careful with their compliance practices and the state allows qui tam tax lawsuits."}
{"id": "doc5846", "text": "David Pope is a partner and Rob Galloway is an associate at Baker & McKenzie LLP, respectively. They both focus on state and local income tax, sales and use tax, property tax, payroll tax, personal income tax and unclaimed property. They represent clients in the retail, financial, insurance, energy, media, telecommunication, and manufacturing industries across the U.S. on all aspects of state and local tax, including controversy, litigation, planning and restructuring matters. "}
{"id": "doc5847", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5848", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5849", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5850", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc5851", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc5852", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc5853", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc5854", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc5855", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc5856", "text": "Price is important, but something else is also a critical differentiator for brick-and-mortar retailers."}
{"id": "doc5857", "text": "According to the “State of Consumer Behavior Report 2020” from digital signage and in-store solutions provider Raydiant, 69% of respondents said a good in-store experience is either important or very important to them. More than six in 10 (62%) find store associates helpful."}
{"id": "doc5858", "text": "While 57% of respondents said they would shop more at physical locations for exclusive discounts not available online, 23% said they would shop more if stores provided unique experiences. The omnichannel experience is also critical, especially regarding price comparisons. More than 68% of respondents had searched for a better price online after finding a product at a physical store."}
{"id": "doc5859", "text": "Other key findings include:•    Of respondents aged 18 to 34, 55% prefer to shop online, while 57.5% of those over 35 prefer to shop at physical locations."}
{"id": "doc5860", "text": "•    People who prefer to shop at physical locations name the ability to see and touch products as their primary differentiator (40%), followed closely by an enjoyable shopping experience (38%)."}
{"id": "doc5861", "text": "•    For men, the shopping experience (44%) is more important than the ability to see and touch products (23%). Women feel differently, with 46% prioritizing the physical presence of products and 35% preferring the experience."}
{"id": "doc5862", "text": "•    People of all ages who prefer shopping online name convenience as their primary motivator. For young people, access to discount codes came second at 23%, while older shoppers enjoy the ease of price comparison (11%) and transaction speed (11%)."}
{"id": "doc5863", "text": "The findings confirm our belief that brick and mortar is not dying, its simply evolving and that the retailers who are focused on creating true in-store experiences are positioned to thrive as the retail landscape continues to evolve, said Bobby Marhamat, CEO of Raydiant."}
{"id": "doc5864", "text": "The report surveyed 1,000 U.S. consumers in January 2020."}
{"id": "doc5865", "text": "Deloitte advises retailers to stress factors including convenience and digital enablement in the coming year."}
{"id": "doc5866", "text": "In its new 2020 retail industry outlook, Deloitte outlines a number of key trends retailers can expect over the next 12 months, with calls to action to best respond to them. Following is a brief review of six critical steps Deloitte recommends retailers should follow in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5867", "text": "1.    Make it convenient. With the convergence of supply chain, digital technologies, and other innovations, Deloitte says convenience is becoming a much more important piece of the equation. In response, retailers should adopt “smart merchandising” strategies, such as creating “micro-brands” aligned to specific lifestyle needs of shoppers and augmenting product availablie with resale."}
{"id": "doc5868", "text": "2.    Prepare for economic change. Although personal consumption growth has been steady, on average, Deloitte warns retailers that tariffs present global economic uncertainty. In addition, wage growth has not risen proportionately with job growth and the impact of the 2017 tax cuts is fading. Retailers should be ready for consumer spending to rise 2.2% in 2020, down from the 2.5% increase of 2019."}
{"id": "doc5869", "text": "3.    Differentiate with marketing. While the quality of the product is still important, Deloitte advises that the point of differentiation between retailers is now often dependent on their ability to market the service, delivery, and overall convenience that they provide. Things like same-day delivery, curbside pickup, and buy online/pick up in-store have become table stakes. The competitive advantage is derived from presenting these components more effectively than the competition does, according to Deloitte."}
{"id": "doc5870", "text": "4.    Digitally enable the enterprise. A personalized experience, highly interactive engagement, and convenience in all shapes and forms require superior digital capabilities, says Deloitte. Therefore, in 2020 retailers need to consider implementing leading-edge technologies such as augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), and 5G network technology anywhere in the enterprise they can help improve operational efficiency or enhance the customer experience."}
{"id": "doc5871", "text": "5.    Create the “store of the future” – now. Retailers must provide the type of brick-and-mortar experience modern customers desire. This can include localized inventories, in-store automation, and equipping associates with concierge apps that combine real-time online access to products and information with human customer service."}
{"id": "doc5872", "text": "6.    Invest in a returns strategy, not policy. As more retailers use their physical stores to accept online returns, Deloitte reminds them that cost is an important factor to keep in mind. Emerging retail models such as direct-to-consumer and subscription services and rental businesses are built to consume high volumes of returns as a part of their supply chains; anticipating returns with high predictability data helps with inventory strategy. To thrive in reverse logistics, retailers should move from return policies into return strategies, which may require altering their supply chain model."}
{"id": "doc5873", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5874", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc5875", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc5876", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc5877", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc5878", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc5879", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc5880", "text": "The best thing that can be said about Macy’s fourth-quarter results is that they won’t be as bad as some other players in the department store segment. Such faint praise underlines the fact that Macy’s isn’t really making much progress and has yet to address the fundamental weaknesses in its business model and proposition. Quite naturally, Macy’s is trying to put a gloss on the results by pointing out that the comparable sales shrink of 0.6% is a marked improvement on the decline of 3.9% it posted in the third quarter. While the observation is accurate it ignores the underlying math. The improvement is largely down to a much softer prior year comparative in quarter four than in quarter three; it is categorically not an indication that Macy’s strategy is bearing fruit. Equally, Macy’s claims that it executed holiday well are a partial truth. In some stores, holiday assortments were good, but in most execution was dire, and inspiration was thin on the ground. The dismal trading numbers – and the accompanying 54% decline in net income – have led Macy’s to change tack with a new Polaris strategy. This three-year plan is designed to restore profitability and growth to the ailing chain. Aside from the fact that the strategy contains many changes that should have been made years ago, Polaris seems like a sensible blueprint. The decision to accelerate the closure of underperforming stores is reasonable, not least because it will allow Macy’s to concentrate investment into locations where it can generate a better return. Equally, the decision to accelerate own-label development is healthy, especially in fashion and home where it will boost margins and create a point of differentiation. That said, we do harbor some concerns. First and foremost is Macy’s ability to execute. Unfortunately, there are too many past examples where Macy’s has been unable to deliver on its plans. As such, we believe the jury is still out on whether Polaris will transform in the way Macy’s wants it to. There are also areas where it falls short. For example, the expansion of the store refurbishment program is modest – especially compared to the plans of rivals like Target – and we believe that Macy’s should have far more ambition to create a fleet of stores that is truly fit for 2020 and beyond. We are also concerned that the shuttering of so many stores may impact online traffic as the Macy’s brand becomes less visible; our own data shows a very clear relationship between sales volumes and a physical presence in a catchment, and this is something Macy’s will need to address. The decision to test new formats, such as Market by Macy’s, is innovative but not a silver bullet. In terms of location, Macy’s will still need to contend with very tough competition and from what we have seen so far, although the format and merchandise is better, we question whether it stands out enough to produce stellar results. The same applies to the expansion of the Backstage off-price format. There is no doubt that this concept has relevance, but Macy’s is essentially expanding into a market that is already extremely crowded with highly-skilled players like TJX so returns are questionable. As much as we are pleased to see Macy’s set out a grand plan, we still believe that much of the low-hanging fruit has been missed. Too many stores suffer from a lack of basic disciplines – merchandising is terrible and even tasks like dusting fixtures are overlooked. In essence, Macy’s is still failing on retail 101 and this does not bode well for its prospects in more advanced studies."}
{"id": "doc5881", "text": "Macy’s Inc.’s November and December comparable sales fell by 0.7% on an owned basis and by 0.6% on an owned plus licensed basis. Digital performed relatively well, but performance from stores was more mediocre."}
{"id": "doc5882", "text": "Unlike last year, Macy’s did not deliver sales growth. While not particularly surprising, this remains disappointing and underlines the various ongoing challenges faced by the iconic department store. That said, the 0.7% decline in comparables is nowhere near as bad as it could have been and represents a marked improvement from the dismal third quarter when comparable sales declined by 3.9%. Macy’s was inevitably helped by a relatively robust consumer economy where shoppers were happily spending online and in-stores. This lifted the whole retail sector. Without this fillip, which likely won’t be repeated as we move into 2020, Macy’s results would have been considerably worse. That said, Macy’s performance against the backdrop of a total retail market that grew by around 3.7% across November and December, shows the group is still losing customers and market share at a rapid clip. Macy’s does deserve some credit for preventing a worse result. The stores where it has been focusing investment – the so-called Growth150 group – looked very festive and showcased some solid ranges, especially within gifting. The results from this segment were relatively strong. Online performed well too, thanks to a reasonable assortment and convenient delivery and pickup options. Together, these two parts of the business saved Christmas for Macy’s. Outside of these divisions, performance was weak. Most legacy stores, of which Macy’s has a very long tail, looked shabby and lacked festive cheer. In our view, they remain unfit for purpose and there is a big question mark over their long-term future. Yesterday’s decision to shutter a handful of underperforming locations is a foretaste of things to come if Macy’s does not invest in and reinvigorate these outlets. Overall, we are satisfied with Macy’s holiday performance, mainly because it could have been worse. Not a ringing endorsement, but better than the usual opprobrium the group so often attracts."}
{"id": "doc5883", "text": "Unlike many apparel retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch bucked the negative trends in its final quarter and produced a solid set of results. Overall revenue was up by a respectable 2.5%, while comparable sales increased by 1% globally and by 3% within the U.S. However, the Abercrombie division was the star of the show with an 8% increase in comparable sales. Admittedly some of the numbers lap soft comparatives from last year, but this does little to take away from the clear progress that A&F is making. As well as successes, there were some soft spots. Comparable sales at Hollister declined by 2% and international comparable sales also declined by 3%. Net income fell by 13.4% and operating income was down by 5.7%. The good news is the bottom line deterioration does not reflect operating issues, rather it is a consequence of asset impairment and charges related to the exit of flagship stores – both of which are necessary as A&F continues to reconfigure its business for optimal trading. Looking in more detail at Abercrombie, the 8% comparable sales uplift owes a lot to product improvements and strong assortments which helped to drive conversion rates and average transaction values. Outerwear, which has always been a strength of Abercrombie, performed well and because if its high value made a solid contribution to the sales line. This was enhanced by strong sales of denim, leisure wear such as sweatpants, and the Fierce fragrance which A&F has been pushing heavily. Our data show that self-purchases were up, particularly among women. However, pleasingly the number of people using Abercrombie to buy gifts for the holidays also rose which underlines the appeal and strength of the brand. As well as success with existing customers, we continue to note that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. The “Do 96 Hours In” campaign that ran over the holidays - which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in both Los Angeles and Brooklyn – showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care “staycations.” This resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand. In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside. While Abercrombie’s sales shot up, Hollister suffered a modest decline. Some of this is down to the fact that Hollister has much more exposure to international markets, where a variety of issues – including Brexit in the U.K. and softer consumer confidence elsewhere – had a cooling effect on spending. That said, we also believe that Hollister is in a more competitive part of the market where there is significantly more choice for shoppers, which means it is harder to generate consistent results. That said, we are satisfied with the improvements made to the brand and are pleased to see further enhancements to the assortment, including more localized ranging, which should help the results going forward. Looking ahead, we believe that A&F remains on the right trajectory. The brands have successfully transitioned and now have an ethos that is aligned with the needs of modern consumers. However, due to the coronavirus – which has prompted store closures in Asia and some parts of Europe – the outlook for the first quarter and beyond is a little softer than we originally forecast. But longer term, the prospects still remain good."}
{"id": "doc5884", "text": "When looked at in isolation, Target’s final quarter numbers do not make for terrible reading. Sales, on both a total and comparable basis, were up. The online part of the business continues to grow at pace. And the bottom line is robust, with solid increases in both operating profit and net earnings. Unfortunately for Target, these results come off the back of a run of elevated performance where comparable growth has been nudging into the mid-single digit range. This comparison makes the holiday quarter figures look soft and represents a clear slowdown in performance. The comparable increase comes off the back of very strong 5.3% growth last year, which was always going to be a tough number to beat. The relatively slim gain this time around was not helped by several categories where performance flagged. Toys, which is a key area over the holidays, fell flat as sales in the overall category dipped and competition for spend remained fierce. There was also softness in electronics where, despite upgrades to most of its departments in-store, Target underperformed. Admittedly, there were not many ‘must have’ electronics products during the holiday season but Target also missed the market by not starting its Black Friday deals on things like televisions early enough – something that was critical in a much shorter holiday season. Fortunately, both electronics and toys are both relatively low margin categories – the latter especially over the holidays when prices are under pressure. This means that while the impact on sales was sharp, the impact on the bottom line was less pronounced. Other categories performed better and there were gains in apparel, beauty and food. These are areas where Target has made efforts to enhance the assortment, improve in-store selling environments, and, in the case of apparel and food, introduced own-brands. The efforts are paying off and in apparel and beauty, our data show the number of consumers buying gifts and makings self-purchases over the holidays was up sharply. This includes younger shoppers who are buying into Target’s offers for the first time. These dynamics are not only helping Target to make sales gains, but they are helping it to outpace the rest of the market and to make inroads in terms of market share. Digital was also a cause for celebration during the final quarter because while the growth number eased over the rest of the year, a 20% increase means that Target is still growing its market share. We also remain pleased with the fact that Target has pushed a lot of its online fulfilment into cost-effective mechanisms such as pickup from store or drive-up. Unlike many retailers, this has helped the company maintain margins and is one of the reasons for the strong bottom line performance. Looking ahead, we remain positive about Target, mostly because the company has got a lot of the retail fundamentals right. However, it is also clear that Target is now on a lower-growth trajectory and will not deliver the same kind of sales gains as it did over 2019. Some of this is down to external factors which are taking the edge off growth. Some is also down to tougher competition from Amazon, Walmart and others. However, much is the result of the fact that gains from things like store refurbishment and new own-brands have already been made and will not keep delivering at the same pace. Because of the above, we expect Target to pivot to new tactics to deliver. A greater focus on the bottom line is on the cards and we expect more efficiencies to be found to maintain profit growth. More will be made of the Target Circle loyalty scheme and renewed efforts will be made in food. Because of these things, Target will remain on top, even if its star won’t shine as bright."}
{"id": "doc5885", "text": "Successful Chapter 11s for retailers have become few and far between. Sears, Toys R Us, Barneys New York, Forever 21, Coldwater Creek, Freds, Fairway and A&P are just a few examples of recent retail disasters. Chapter 11, of course, occurs after all hope of restructuring the debtor outside of bankruptcy court is lost. Once bankruptcy commences, the race to avoid liquidation is on. Lenders, justifiably, have very little patience when losses mount after the petition date. Most debtors do not successfully reorganize in chapter 11 – especially if the word “reorganize” excludes a plan that is an orderly liquidation. A common issue, which was the case for Sears and Toys “R” Us, stems from debtors being administratively insolvent, meaning that liabilities accrued after the petition date cannot be paid in full. In another such instance, Forever 21, creditors that had already lost $200 million lost another $100 million for goods sold to the debtor after the bankruptcy case commenced. This reveals a deep problem with our bankruptcy system: Every debtor says it is safe to sell them goods after the date of bankruptcy, citing the administrative status of such claims. Administrative claims are supposed to be paid ahead of all other claims except secured claims, and administrative status is supposed to be equal to that of the claims of professionals in the case. However, professionals magically get paid even though trade creditors’ administrative claims are unable to be paid in full. Bottom line, creditors should no longer believe that having an administrative claim is an assurance of payment. Further, trade creditors should understand that when they supply goods to a debtor after the petition date, they bolster the collateral of the bank financing the debtors business. The debtor’s secured creditor/bank has a tremendous amount of control over the debtor, most of whom prefer to induce vendors to supply post-petition goods and services if, by doing so, they can bring in additional collateral for their secured lender. This in effect is a way to buy time from the secured lender by relieving the pressure that the lender otherwise will exert as a result of continuing losses."}
{"id": "doc5886", "text": "Of course, every debtor wants time to figure out a plan. But most of the time is being purchased by the debtor with trade creditors’ dollars. There are other factors in play. Creditor committees never like shutting a debtor down. Bankruptcy judges like to preserve jobs. Suppliers like to retain a customer. Landlords never like to lose a tenant (and the loss of a large tenant can create a domino effect with cotenancy clauses). "}
{"id": "doc5887", "text": "But trade creditors need to know when to say that enough is enough. Forever 21 is a case that should have been shut down before vendors got stuck for another $100 million. If the secured lender does not see the benefit of providing financing to keep the Chapter 11 case going, then trade creditors should not be using their inventory to subsidize the secured creditor. It is sad that the success rate for retailers in Chapter 11 is so low, and it’s understandable and respectable that vendors always want to preserve a customer. But increasingly keeping the debtor alive comes at the additional expense of vendors. Debtors should not get more time by involuntarily causing vendors to subsidize the collateral position of the bank."}
{"id": "doc5888", "text": "Trade creditors must pay closer attention and be much more aggressive when things are turning sour. They also need to be a lot more skeptical of what they are told when asked for more credit. Kenneth Rosen is partner and chair of the bankruptcy, financial reorganization & creditors’ rights practice at law firm Lowenstein Sandler LLP."}
{"id": "doc5889", "text": "The views expressed herein are those of the author only and are not necessarily the views of Lowenstein Sandler or of any attorneys at the Firm. "}
{"id": "doc5890", "text": "Kohl’s has produced a mixed bag of numbers. The positive news is that after declining for a couple of quarters, comparable sales have returned to positive territory. Admittedly the uplift of 0.4% is anemic, but growth is growth and Kohl’s has delivered it off the back of a solid prior year comparative. The negative news comes from the bottom line where operating income is down by almost 21% and net income by just over 23%. There is no doubt that Kohl’s delivered its results against a more challenging backdrop. Across the retail economy, the third quarter was reasonable. However, apparel was a very weak category with consumer demand down and retailers pushing up discounting to try and stimulate sales. Like others, Kohl’s felt the cold wind of this and struggled to generate growth. It also had to respond to increased promotional activity in the market which helped to erode margins and profits. Ultimately, the outcome could have, and likely would have, been worse if it wasn’t for the various initiatives that Kohl’s has undertaken. These include the Amazon returns program which is helping to drive footfall into stores, investments in omnichannel, and new product and brand development. Taken together, these things have helped to generate momentum – including attracting and converting some younger consumer demographics which Kohl’s has not traditionally served. Most of these strategies are far from mature so we expect the benefits from them to accrue over the remainder of this year and into 2020. The fact that Kohl’s is trying, and continues to try, new ideas is one of the things we like about the company. Unlike some other retailers in its segment, it has not been afraid to experiment, nor has it been unwilling to commit to things that help make it relevant and meaningful to consumers. This puts the company in a good position, even if it is in a difficult part of the market. Looking ahead we believe that further initiatives, like Curated by Kohl’s assortments – which create newness and interest in stores and online – the enhancement of the loyalty program, the refresh of the website, and the continued introduction of new brands and assortments will all help to lift results. Taken alone, none of these things will push Kohl’s sales numbers into the stratosphere but taken together they put some wind beneath the company’s wings. Moreover, they show that management has a clear vision of the future and what Kohl’s needs to do in order to be successful. Despite the hard work, it will not be plain sailing in 2020. Many of the steps Kohl’s is undertaking come with costs attached and these, at least in the short term, will weigh on the bottom line. The drive to develop multichannel, for example, has boosted sales but it has eroded margins as the cost to serve customers has risen. Ultimately, we believe this squeezing of the bottom line is the price Kohl’s must pay to keep itself relevant; as such it is a prudent investment. In any case, over time the initiatives will swig into profit. The other forward concern is the consumer economy. This remains solid but we expect conditions to deteriorate as we move into 2020. This does not necessarily mean a recession, but it likely means consumers will be more careful and discerning in their purchases. Generally, Kohl’s shoppers are a bit more exposed to economic swings than average and this means the company will need to double down on attracting them and persuading them to spend. Fortunately, next year comparatives become much easier to beat which will help provide buoyancy to growth even in a more difficult environment."}
{"id": "doc5891", "text": "Athleisure is having a big impact on footwear. "}
{"id": "doc5892", "text": "Footwear sales in the U.S. are forecasted to increase through 2021 due to strong growth in the sport leisure category, according to The Future of Footwear, a new report from The NPD Group. The report also found that sport leisure—which is dominated by athletic-inspired casual sneakers, and also includes sport slides and skate shoes—is expected to surpass fashion as the largest footwear category in 2020."}
{"id": "doc5893", "text": "Shifting fashion attitudes towards athleisure have benefited the leisure footwear space, at the expense of the fashion and performance segments. According to NPD’s Retail Tracking Service, in the 12 months ending August 2019, sport leisure footwear grew 7%, while fashion declined 5% and performance footwear sales were down 7%."}
{"id": "doc5894", "text": "“I expect that in the upcoming years, more brands will effectively respond to the shift away from performance and fashion footwear to focus on what has become the new norm: athleisure footwear,” said Matt Powell, senior industry advisor, Sports, The NPD Group. “The nature of fitness in the U.S. has changed, and this has been a major contributor to footwear market shifts. Consumers are committed to a healthy lifestyle, but that commitment is lighthearted. They no longer define themselves by their sports activities. As a result, consumers are looking for shoes that are less technical and instead more versatile and every day.”"}
{"id": "doc5895", "text": "Sport leisure’s growth is poised to be driven by running- and basketball-inspired styles, which are shoes with a performance-based heritage that are intended for style as opposed to sports activities. The men’s market is expected to lead the sales growth in sport leisure, with heavy contribution from kids as well."}
{"id": "doc5896", "text": "Fashion is forecast to decline through 2020, but rebound slightly in 2021 on account of growth in comfort-oriented silhouettes such as fashion slides, slippers, and drivers/loafers. On the other hand, sport-inspired trends will have a negative impact on the thong, flip-flop, and ballerina segments.  "}
{"id": "doc5897", "text": "“As consumers continue to prioritize athleisure and deprioritize dress, comfort and function will be as important as aesthetics in leading the fashion category back on the plus side,” said Beth Goldstein, executive director, fashion footwear and accessories analyst, The NPD Group. “While sport leisure will continue to grow at fashion’s expense, consumers will seek options outside of sneakers. As a result, active-inspired fashion silhouettes, particularly those with lower and thicker heel options and added comfort features, will help the category in the years ahead.”"}
{"id": "doc5898", "text": "Couples can register for a cash fund to help out with their honeymoon or make a house down payment on Bed Bath & Beyond’s new wedding registry platform.   The platform, dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way,” allows couples to register for traditional gift essentials as well as “gift experiences” in-store, online or via app. They can also create a cash fund. The registry also gives customers access to digital tools such as a registry checklist, price analyzer, collection starter and thank-you manager. "}
{"id": "doc5899", "text": "In addition, the struggling home furnishings retailer offers perks such as a completion discount and bonus gifts via the platform. Until March 18, 2020, new registrants can qualify to earn $100 in Bed Bath & Beyond rewards when they create a registry."}
{"id": "doc5900", "text": "This new wedding registry experience highlights the comprehensive capabilities Bed Bath & Beyond has built for our registrants to create a wedding registry as unique as the couple themselves, said interim marketing lead Michael Krueger. Your Registry, Your Way was created to conveniently combine alternative gifting options with traditional product essentials all-in-one place to make it easy for our registrants to create a home and life together."}
{"id": "doc5901", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new partnership making an assortment of private-label Macy’s items available on the Zola online wedding planning site."}
{"id": "doc5902", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, Bed Bath & Beyond had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc5903", "text": "As the new year settles in, so do new leaders at many of the nation’s leading chains. In a disrupted retail environment, they all have their work cut out for them — but some more than others."}
{"id": "doc5904", "text": "Here are three who face an uphill climb in the months ahead: "}
{"id": "doc5905", "text": "• James Marcum, David’s Bridal: Retail veteran Marcum took on a lot of baggage when he said “I do” to the nation’s largest bridal specialty chain in June, starting with a 69-year-old company that has become increasingly less relevant in its space. "}
{"id": "doc5906", "text": "David’s Bridal filed for Chapter 11 in November 2018 and emerged soon after in a debt-for-equity swap that handed ownership to existing creditors. David’s kept true to its promise that the filing would not disrupt stores or customer orders, but the bankruptcy still had a negative impact and sales suffered.  In November, the retailer reached a deal that significantly reduced its debt, helping it avoid a likely second trip to bankruptcy court. "}
{"id": "doc5907", "text": "But David’s still faces big hurdles in a category that has been disrupted by online players and changing bridal fashions and traditions. Marcum, most recently a senior operating partner at Apollo Management and with a resume that includes stints at Circuit City, Hollywood Entertainment, Stage Stores and Marshalls, is bullish about David’s prospects. He understands that the company needs to move quickly to align itself with today’s consumers and retail trends. Whether he has the time and resources to move the dial for David’s is another story. "}
{"id": "doc5908", "text": "• Robert Riesbeck, Pier 1 Imports: After joining the beleaguered home décor retailer as CFO in July 2019, Riesbeck was promoted to the top spot in November. He brought with him more than 25 years of leadership experience in retail and consumer goods — all of which he will need in trying to right a company that has been on a downward trajectory and a bankruptcy watch for some time. Pier 1 has been racking up losses amid increased competition from online and the likes of Target and Walmart. A turnaround plan that seems focused mainly on cost reductions has yet to bear much fruit."}
{"id": "doc5909", "text": "Notably, Riesbeck is a bankruptcy veteran. He served CFO of plus-size apparel retailer FullBeauty until its bankruptcy filing in February. And he was CEO of consumer electronics and home appliance chain Hhgregg when it filed for Chapter 11 in March 2017."}
{"id": "doc5910", "text": "• Mark J. Tritton, Bed Bath & Beyond: Tritton took a big leap — and took on a big challenge — in November when he left his post as  chief merchandising officer of Target Corp., where he built one of the nation’s most successful private-label portfolios, to join the struggling home goods retailer."}
{"id": "doc5911", "text": "Tritton, who previously served in executive roles at Nordstrom, Nike and Timberland, is charged with turning around a company whose same-store sales have declined for three years as competitors — old and new — steal market share. He wasted no time in cleaning house. In mid-December, Bed Bath & Beyond announced the departure of six senior members of its leadership team, including the chief marketing officer, chief merchandising officer and chief digital officer. The company called the move a “bold pivot” that reflected the priorities of Tritton, who will unveil his vision for the chain early this year. "}
{"id": "doc5912", "text": "Beyond its ailing namesake division, Bed Bath & Beyond is saddled with an array of other banners, including Cost Plus World Market, Buybuy Baby, Christmas Tree Shop and One Kings Lane. Activist investors want the company to shed its non-core assets and devote its energy to fixing and turning around the main ship. "}
{"id": "doc5913", "text": "It’s still too early in the game to assess whether Tritton is, as one industry analyst put it, “just what the company needs.” But the general consensus is that Bed, Bath & Beyond has a better chance of righting itself with him at the helm. "}
{"id": "doc5914", "text": "Still Looking: As of mid-December, a number of retailers still had the “Help Wanted” sign posted for their corner office. Among the companies still on the hunt: Gap Inc., J. Jill, eBay, Bluemercury and Francesca’s Holdings."}
{"id": "doc5915", "text": "Best Buy chief executive Corie Barry is staying put."}
{"id": "doc5916", "text": "The retailers board of directors announced that it has concluded its investigation into an anonymous allegation that Barry, prior to her becoming CEO, had a inappropriate relationship with a former Best Buy executive. In a short statement, the board said it supports her remaining as chief executive."}
{"id": "doc5917", "text": "“The Board takes allegations of misconduct seriously regardless of who is the subject,” the statement read. “When the Board received an anonymous letter regarding Corie Barry, the Audit Committee immediately retained outside legal counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, to conduct an independent review. Ms. Barry fully cooperated with the review, which has now concluded. The Board supports the continued leadership of the Company by Ms. Barry.”"}
{"id": "doc5918", "text": "Barry also released a statement:"}
{"id": "doc5919", "text": "“I appreciate the Board’s support and look forward to continuing to execute on our strategic vision to Build the New Blue: Chapter Two,” she said."}
{"id": "doc5920", "text": "Best Buy has not revealed the contents of the letter, which was also sent to several to several news organizations, including the Star Tribune. The letter writers said Barry should resign or the board should fire her. "}
{"id": "doc5921", "text": "The board of Best Buy Co. is investigating allegations that CEO Corrie Barry had an inappropriate romantic relationship with a fellow executive who has since left the retailer."}
{"id": "doc5922", "text": "According to various media reports, the action came after the board received an anonymous letter signed “We are Best Buy” that claimed to represent “a group of employees.”  The letter, dated Dec. 7, was also sent to several news organizations, including the Star Tribune. The letter writers said Barry should resign or the board should fire her.  "}
{"id": "doc5923", "text": "Best Buy has hired an outside counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, to conduct an investigation “that is ongoing,” it said in a statement."}
{"id": "doc5924", "text": "“Best Buy takes allegations of misconduct very seriously,” the company’s statement said. “We encourage the letter’s author to come forward and be part of that confidential process.”"}
{"id": "doc5925", "text": "In a statement, Barry said: “The Board has my full cooperation and support as it undertakes this review, and I look forward to its resolution in the near term.”"}
{"id": "doc5926", "text": "Barry, formerly Best Buy’s chief finance and strategic transformation officer, took the reins as CEO in June 2019, succeeding Hubert Joly, who  transitioned to the newly created position of executive chairman. She is the first woman ever to serve in the top role at Best Buy and one of just seven women to lead a Fortune 500 company."}
{"id": "doc5927", "text": "According to the Star Tribune, the letter said that Barry had a romantic relationship for years with Karl Sanft, whose final position at Best Buy was as a senior VP who oversaw retail store operations in the U.S. He left Best Buy in March and is now the COO of 24 Hour Fitness Worldwide Inc."}
{"id": "doc5928", "text": "The allegations were first reported by the Wall Street Journal. "}
{"id": "doc5929", "text": "Imports at major U.S. retail container ports are expected to see a sharper-than-usual drop this month."}
{"id": "doc5930", "text": "That’s according to the Global Port Tracker report released by the National Retail Federation and Hackett Associates. The likely slowdown is a result of the coronavirus causing longer Lunar New Year shutdowns of factories in China."}
{"id": "doc5931", "text": "“February is historically a slow month for imports because of Lunar New Year and the lull between retailers’ holiday season and summer, but this is an unusual situation,” said Jonathan Gold, NRF VP for supply chain and customs policy. “Many Chinese factories have already stayed closed longer than usual, and we don’t know how soon they will reopen.  "}
{"id": "doc5932", "text": "Gold added that U.S. retailers were already beginning to shift some sourcing to other countries because of the trade war. But he warned if shutdowns continue, there could be an impact on supply chains.”"}
{"id": "doc5933", "text": "U.S. ports covered by Global Port Tracker handled 1.72 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) in December, the latest month for which after-the-fact numbers are available. That was up 1.8% from November but down 12.4% from unusually high numbers at the end of 2018 ahead of a scheduled tariff increase that was ultimately postponed. A TEU is one 20-ft.-long cargo container or its equivalent."}
{"id": "doc5934", "text": "December’s numbers brought 2019 to a total of 21.6 million TEU, a 0.8% decrease from 2018 amid the ongoing trade war but still the second-highest year on record. Imports during 2018 hit a record of 21.8 million TEU, partly due to frontloading ahead of anticipated 2019 tariffs."}
{"id": "doc5935", "text": "January was estimated at 1.82 million TEU, down 3.8% from January 2019. February is forecast to be down 12.9% year-over-year at 1.41 million TEU and March is expected to down 9.5% year-over-year at 1.46 million TEU. Before the coronavirus outbreak, Global Port Tracker had forecast February at 1.54 million TEU and March at 1.7 million TEU."}
{"id": "doc5936", "text": "“Projecting container volume for the next year has become even more challenging with the outbreak of the coronavirus in China and its spread,” said Hackett Associates founder Ben Hackett. “It’s questionable how soon manufacturing will return to normal, and following the extension of the Lunar New Year break all eyes are on what further decisions China will make to control the outbreak.”"}
{"id": "doc5937", "text": "Global Port Tracker, which is produced for NRF by the consulting firm Hackett Associates, provides historical data and forecasts for the U.S. ports of Los Angeles/Long Beach, Oakland, Seattle and Tacoma on the West Coast; New York/New Jersey, Port of Virginia, Charleston, Savannah, Port Everglades, Miami and Jacksonville on the East Coast, and Houston on the Gulf Coast.  "}
{"id": "doc5938", "text": "Gap Inc. will remain whole."}
{"id": "doc5939", "text": "The apparel retailer is scrapping plans to spin off Old Navy into a separate public company, citing the cost and complexity involved in the split. In other news, Gap announced that Neil Fiske, president and CEO of its namesake brand, will leave the company."}
{"id": "doc5940", "text": "“The plan to separate was rooted in our commitment to value creation from our portfolio of iconic brands,” stated Robert Fisher, who was named interim president and CEO of Gap Inc. following the abrupt departure of Art Peck in November. “While the objectives of the separation remain relevant, our board of directors has concluded that the cost and complexity of splitting into two companies, combined with softer business performance, limited our ability to create appropriate value from separation.”"}
{"id": "doc5941", "text": "Gap announced its plan to spin off its fast-growing value brand Old Navy and split into two public companies last February. But the brand’s sales have slumped in recent months, making it less attractive to investors. Comparable sales fell 4% at Old Navy Global in the third quarter, and were down 7% at Gap Global. Banana Republic Global’s same-store sales fell 3%."}
{"id": "doc5942", "text": "In his statement, Fisher said the company learned a lot from its plan to split into two companies and that it will  operate “in a more rigorous and transformational manner that empowers our growth brands, Old Navy and Athleta, and appropriately focuses on profitability for Banana Republic and Gap brand.”"}
{"id": "doc5943", "text": "Gap said it intends to appoint a new CEO to oversee the full portfolio of brands and corporate strategy. In the meantime, four of the company’s senior leaders have been elevated and have taken on additional responsibilities reporting to Fisher. Mark Breitbard, president and CEO, Banana Republic, will now lead Gap Inc.’s collection of specialty brands, including Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta, Janie and Jack, Intermix and Hill City; Sonia Syngal, president and CEO, Old Navy, will continue to lead the Old Navy business; Teri List-Stoll, executive VP and CFO, will lead corporate operations related to finance, supply chain, technology and real estate; and Julie Gruber, executive VP, global general counsel, corporate secretary and chief compliance officer, will lead corporate administrative functions including legal, corporate facilities and services, human resources and communications, loss prevention, sustainability, government affairs and foundation."}
{"id": "doc5944", "text": "The company said it now expects total company fiscal 2019 comparable sales and net sales to both be at the higher end of its previous guidance range of down mid-single digits and down low-single digits, respectively. As a result of better than anticipated promotional levels over the holiday period, particularly at Old Navy, the company now expects its adjusted fiscal year 2019 earnings per share to be moderately above its previous guidance of $1.70 - $1.75."}
{"id": "doc5945", "text": "“We are working aggressively to stabilize and improve business results,” said List-Stoll. “We are committed to sharpened strategic focus, tailored operating strategies and operational discipline and accountability that can strengthen the health and profitability of our brands.”"}
{"id": "doc5946", "text": "Gap Inc.’s problems continued in the third quarter amid disappointing performances across all three of its divisions.  "}
{"id": "doc5947", "text": "“This is a pivotal time for the company,” said Robert J. Fisher, during the company’s quarterly earnings call. Fisher, son of the founding family of Gap, was named interim president and CEO earlier this month following the departure of Art Peck. “Taking on the role is incredibly important to me. I’ve gained a deep understanding of the company’s operations and the retail space. I am approaching the role with a clear view of where we are and where we need to go. Clearly, the company is pressured by uneven execution.”"}
{"id": "doc5948", "text": "During the call, and in a prepared statement, Fisher made it clear that the departure of Peck would not alter Gap’s plans to spin off its value-oriented Old Navy division, saying that he and board continue to believe “in the strategic rational of the separation.”"}
{"id": "doc5949", "text": "“We continue to make progress against our separation plans, which will provide improved focus and a further catalyst for transformation,” Fisher said in his statement. "}
{"id": "doc5950", "text": "Gap also announced that it plans to exit Old Navy from China in early 2020, focusing instead on “under-served” North American markets."}
{"id": "doc5951", "text": "The retailer had advised earlier this month that it was expecting poor results, and its earnings and sales topped the Street’s lowered expectations. But there was no sugar-coating the dismal results. The company’s net income fell to $140 million, or $0.37 a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, from $266 million, or $0.69 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time items, Gap earned $0.53 cents per share, topping the $0.51 analysts had expected."}
{"id": "doc5952", "text": "Net sales dropped to $4.0 billion from $4.09 billion a year ago, beating expectations for $3.96 billion."}
{"id": "doc5953", "text": "Total same-store sales were down 4%. By global brand, same-store sales fell 7% at Gap, 4% at Old Navy and 3% at Banana Republic."}
{"id": "doc5954", "text": "During the call, Fisher acknowledged the challenges that the company’s namesake brand faces as it moves forward."}
{"id": "doc5955", "text": "“Significant improvement is required, a lot of transformation is going on and will continue with urgency,” he said."}
{"id": "doc5956", "text": "Gap Inc. has major challenges at both the corporate and brand level. The company has not addressed the vast changes that have occurred in fashion retail since Mickey Drexler exited in 2002 — whether it be the entry of foreign retailers such as Zara and Aritzia, the growth of the off-pricers or burgeoning online players that range from Amazon Fashion to the Real Real.  Instead, it has dabbled with concepts that have never fully gotten off the ground, starting with Forth & Towne a decade ago and moving on to Intermix and Piperlime. It now needs to digest Janie & Jack (without cannibalizing Gap Kids)."}
{"id": "doc5957", "text": "Athleta is the only healthy brand and that’s because it is the only one of the company’s formats fully in tune with todays athleisure lifestyle. The Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy brands are all either badly dated and/or irrelevant to todays lifestyles, whether it be the concept itself or the stores.  Gap is a brand that has lost its way over the past decade, and nobody really knows what it stands for any more, while Banana Republic is serving a declining customer base for its upmarket, structured styles. Both brands must shrink more to match capacity with the falling demand."}
{"id": "doc5958", "text": "Old Navy is only slightly healthier. It must accelerate its store remodel program, whether the spin-off still occurs or not. With rising competition from both Target and Walmart’s new own-brands, Old Navy — if it feels old — risks becoming irrelevant to its core young mom-and-kids customer. Curiously, Gap’s release [on the departure of Peck] was silent on the status or timing of the Old Navy carve-out. It did not address whether Sonia Syngal is staying as Navys CEO, or if she is a candidate for the post-Fisher CEO slot."}
{"id": "doc5959", "text": "This will not be Bob Fishers first turn as interim CEO, with his first dating back to his role during the Paul Pressler change-out. His first challenge is to decide what to do on the Old Navy spin-off, which may well come under review, while optimizing an oversized corporate structure.  Once the carve-out is re-affirmed — or not — he and Bobby Martin Gap has major challenges at both the corporate and brand level. For Gap Inc. it has not addressed the vast changes that have occurred in fashion retail since Mickey Drexler exited in 2002, whether the entry of foreign retailers such as Zara and Aritzia, the growth of the off-pricers, or the burgeoning online players, from Amazon Fashion to the Real Real. Instead, it has dabbled with concepts that have never fully gotten off the ground, from Forth & Towne a decade ago, to Intermix and Piperlime — and now needs to digest Janie & Jack (without cannibalizing Gap Kids)."}
{"id": "doc5960", "text": "Athleta is the only healthy brand, because it is the only one of GPSs formats fully in tune with todays athleisure lifestyle.  But brand Gap, Banana and Old Navy are all either badly dated, irrelevant to todays lifestyles--or both, whether the concept and the stores themselves.  Gap is a brand that has lost its way over the past decade, and nobody really knows what it stands for any more, while Banana is serving a declining customer base for its upmarket, structured styles; both brands must still shrink to match capacity with the falling demand. Old Navy is only slightly healthier, and still must accelerate its store remodel program — whether the carve-out still occurs or not. With rising competition from both TGT and WMT with their new own-brands, if Navy stays old, it will risk becoming irrelevant to its core young mom-and-kids customer.  Curiously, the GPS release was virtually silent on the status or timing of the Navy carve-out, nor did it address whether Sonia Syngal is staying as Navys CEO, or if she is a candidate for the post-Fisher CEO slot."}
{"id": "doc5961", "text": "This will not be Bob Fishers first turn as interim CEO, dating back to his role during the Paul Pressler change-out, but his first challenge is to decide what to do on the Old Navy spin-off, which may well come under review, while optimizing an oversized corporate structure. Once the carve-out is re-affirmed — or not — he and Bobby Martin [newly appointed lead independent director] can turn to finding the full-time successor. "}
{"id": "doc5962", "text": "The good news is that the Gap, Banana and Navy brands all enjoy residual positive brand equity. The trick, for each of the three aging brands, is to evolve the brands core value proposition to make it relevant to a new generation of customers, but without alienating too many of the older brand loyalists."}
{"id": "doc5963", "text": "Craig Johnson is president of retail research firm Customer Growth Partners."}
{"id": "doc5964", "text": "Retail same-store sales posted an estimated 1.9% growth during the past 10 years."}
{"id": "doc5965", "text": "That’s according to a review of U.S. retail highlights of the past decade by Refinitiv, which found that the 1.9% growth was slightly above the long-term average of 1.7% since it started collecting the data in 2004. The report found that the two sectors that stood during the past decade were discounters and department stores: The department stores deteriorated the most of all the retail sectors, while the discounters started outperforming towards the end of the decade. "}
{"id": "doc5966", "text": "In other highlights of the Refinitiv review: "}
{"id": "doc5967", "text": "• The amount of money consumers spent online continues to grow. E-commerce transactions accounted for 11.2% of retail sales as of Q3 2019, compared to 4.2% in early 2010. "}
{"id": "doc5968", "text": "• The mid-value group, which includes department stores, has been struggling the most in the promotional environment. "}
{"id": "doc5969", "text": "• Department stores continued to increase the amount of merchandise on sale to its highest level in 2019, suggesting that 74% of department stores’ merchandise was on sale. "}
{"id": "doc5970", "text": "• It is evident that the value proposition was key to consumers this past decade. This is evident since TJX (TJX Companies) and ROST (Ross Stores) were the “most loved” stocks, showing that shoppers love the deals there."}
{"id": "doc5971", "text": "• The latest reading on consumer confidence shows that consumers are feeling very secure about their personal financial situation entering the new decade – which bodes well for retail sales.  "}
{"id": "doc5972", "text": "“The end of the year appears to have sparked optimism about the future among consumers despite the current political economic tension and uncertainty,” reported Chris Jackson of Ipsos. “Americans’ current confidence in the economy remains unchanged; however, as we look towards the new year, we see greater optimism particularly in our own personal financial situation."}
{"id": "doc5973", "text": "• StarMine Combined Credit Risk (CCR) model suggests there might be more store closures into the new decade – especially among department stores."}
{"id": "doc5974", "text": "Gen Z is technically savvy, but when it comes to holiday shopping they are more likely to head to the mall than the generation that preceded them. "}
{"id": "doc5975", "text": "Gen Z is less likely than millennials and Generation X to shop online, according to a report from The NPD Group. Gen Z is also ready for Black Friday — about bout one-third will start shopping on Black Friday, the highest of all generations."}
{"id": "doc5976", "text": "Gen X and Baby Boomers are planning on spending the most of all generations on holiday shopping. Each generation’s holiday shopping plan looks different, according to insights from NPD’s 2019 Holiday Purchase Intentions Survey.  Understanding the similarities and differences in when, where, how much, and what each consumer group plans to spend on will be critical for marketers navigating 2019 holiday season. “No consumer can be left behind in today’s increasingly competitive retail environment where shoppers demand a more personalized approach than ever before,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry advisor, The NPD Group. “In order to win the holiday retail battle, marketers need to address holiday shoppers across every generation, and also make them feel like they matter.” Here are some highlights from the study/"}
{"id": "doc5977", "text": "• Gen X plans to spend the highest amount of all generations, followed by boomers. Gen X is also the most likely generation to buy clothing/accessories (68%) and entertainment items (44%), and most likely to shop mass merchants (51%) and online pure-plays (77%). About one-fifth will start shopping on Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc5978", "text": "• Boomers will be early out of the gate, with 57% planning to start shopping before Thanksgiving, making them more likely than all other generations to do so.  "}
{"id": "doc5979", "text": "• Boomers are more likely than all other generations to shop department stores (24%) and national chains (27%). They are also most likely to purchase liquor or wine as holiday gifts (26%)."}
{"id": "doc5980", "text": "• Millennials plan to spend less than their older counterparts (Gen X and Boomers) but one-third plan to spend more than they did in 2018. More than 20% of millennials will start shopping on Black Friday, second only to Gen Z. The vast majority will shop online, but they are also more likely than all other generations to buy electronics (46%) and shop dollar stores (19%)."}
{"id": "doc5981", "text": "• Silent Generation shoppers will be important at stores and the last minute. Four out of 10 of these older consumers plan to start shopping late, making them the most likely generation to do so, and only half will shop online. They plan to spend about the same amount as millennials, keeping their spending in line with last year."}
{"id": "doc5982", "text": "Holiday shoppers are fairly consistent when it comes to their favorite stores."}
{"id": "doc5983", "text": "Amazon (38.1%), Walmart (36.2%) Target (29.6% ) ranked as the top three stores where consumers across all income groups plan to do their holiday shopping, followed by Kohl’s (10.1%) and Macy’s (8.0%), according to JLL’s 2019 Holiday Shopping Survey. While the top three remained the same across all shoppers, there were some differences in the rankings when looking at consumers’ holiday budgets."}
{"id": "doc5984", "text": "Those with higher budgets (greater than $500) were more likely to include retailers like Macy’s, Best Buy and Nordstrom among their top 10. Those with more modest budgets indicated that they plan to shop at Kohl’s."}
{"id": "doc5985", "text": "The survey also revealed that consumers plan to use multiple channels this holiday season. More than half of the shoppers surveyed (52%) indicated that they will buy in-store."}
{"id": "doc5986", "text": "A little over a quarter of shoppers (25.3%) will make a purchase from a physical retailer’s website while 23.5% plan to order online and pick up in store. This option was particularly popular among Gen Z shoppers as 29.9% said they would take advantage of BOPIS services.(Previous studies have shown that approximately 85% of shoppers who stop by a store to pick up a purchase end up buying other products.)"}
{"id": "doc5987", "text": "“This year we are continuing to see the merging of retail channels with 68.7% of responses showing that consumers will shop at a retailer with a physical presence – whether that’s in-store, online, or picking up in-store after an online purchase,” said Greg Maloney, president and CEO of JLL Retail.According to the survey, holiday sales will increase 4.5% to 5%.  Maloney said he believes that sales will likely to be on the high-end of the JLL forecast – baring a substantial setback in the economy. He also downplayed the impact of trade concerns on the consumer."}
{"id": "doc5988", "text": "“By in large, the average consumer is not going to be overly concerned by trade discussions until they actually manifest in higher prices or slower economic growth,” he said. “The consumer has continuously buoyed the economy and I don’t expect that to change without some sort of significant setback.”"}
{"id": "doc5989", "text": "In other survey highlights: "}
{"id": "doc5990", "text": "• About one-third of consumers say that they will start their holiday shopping before Thanksgiving this year – with some indicating they’re already done with their holiday shopping."}
{"id": "doc5991", "text": "• A higher number of shoppers plan to start their shopping on Thanksgiving Day this year – 5.1% versus 3.4% in 2018.  "}
{"id": "doc5992", "text": "• Fewer shoppers will use their phones for online ordering compared to last year (46.8% vs. 50.3%), But more shoppers indicated they will use their phones for reading product reviews, checking store inventory, and making in-store payments. While men are more likely to use their phones overall, 14.2% of women preferred to use their phone to pay in-store. Among the age demographics, 16.5% of millennial shoppers planned to use their phone to make mobile payments."}
{"id": "doc5993", "text": "• Overall, consumer budgets remained roughly the same compared to last year with 43.3% of consumers indicating that they will spend over $500 on gifts this year – compared to 44.4% in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc5994", "text": "• Seniors over the age of 65 planned to spend the most out of the surveyed demographics with 23% budgeting more than $1,000 on gifts. Gen Zers, on the other hand, budgeted the least with 72.3% indicating they planned to spend less than $500."}
{"id": "doc5995", "text": "A fast-food chain is offering over 75 types of debt-free degrees."}
{"id": "doc5996", "text": "Chipotle Mexican Grill is expanding its Chipotle Cultivate Education benefits program, which the retailer says has provided employees with over $20 million in tuition assistance in the past two years. The company is now 100% of tuition costs upfront for 75 different types of business and technology degrees through a partnership education benefits company Guild Education. "}
{"id": "doc5997", "text": "After 120 days of employment, employees are eligible to pursue degrees from nonprofit, accredited universities, including The University of Arizona, Bellevue University, Brandman University, Southern New Hampshire University, and Wilmington University. The new debt-free degree program is an addition to existing educational benefits, such as a tuition reimbursement program allowing eligible employees to be reimbursed for tuition up to $5,250 a year at the school of their choice. "}
{"id": "doc5998", "text": "Qualifying employees can also take advantage of a full suite of benefits including access to healthcare; fitness discounts; and free English as a second language and GED classes for employees and family members. Chipotle promoted more than 13,000 of its employees in 2018."}
{"id": "doc5999", "text": "“Chipotle recognizes that financial barriers can be one of the biggest obstacles that impede our employees from achieving their fullest potential, said Marissa Andrada, chief people officer at Chipotle. We are proud to launch this opportunity for debt-free degrees by providing free tuition to help our employees excel in all areas in their lives, both in and out of Chipotle."}
{"id": "doc6000", "text": "Chipotle had over 2,500 corporate restaurants as of June 30, 2019, in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., France, and Germany. The company does not run a franchise program.  "}
{"id": "doc6001", "text": "An online discount platform is providing some exclusive offers for International Women’s Day."}
{"id": "doc6002", "text": "RetailMeNot is launching We Shop With Her, an initiative to encourage shoppers to support female-led and founded brands in celebration of International Womens Day (Sunday, March 8). The savings website and app will provide exclusive cash-back offers for women-owned brands such Tory Burch, Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Kate Spade, and Birchbox."}
{"id": "doc6003", "text": "Through March 8, shoppers can visit the RetailMeNot We Shop With Her page to find limited-time savings opportunities in different categories like beauty, fashion, health, and home décor. In addition, Austin, Texas-based RetailMeNot will donate to the Womens Fund at the Austin Community Foundation and the Ann Richards School for Young Women Leaders."}
{"id": "doc6004", "text": "As a woman in a leadership role at a technology company, its inspiring to see more and more females dominating top positions in the space,” said Marissa Tarleton, CEO at RetailMeNot. “I believe it is important to offer our support and encouragement to those who have paved and continue to pave the road for future generations. RetailMeNot is all about helping shoppers save money every day at their favorite retailers, restaurants, and even pharmacies, and if we can offer a convenient way for people to shop, save and support women on International Womens Day, we will."}
{"id": "doc6005", "text": "Other We Shop With Her retailers include Athleta, Baggu, Fabletics, Glossier, Houzz, Lily Pulitzer, Loeffler Randall, Nasty Gal, Outdoor Voices, Rent the Runway, Spanx, Tarte Cosmetics The Body Shop, The Honest Company, Third Love, and Wildfang."}
{"id": "doc6006", "text": "Other retailers are also launching special online promotions in conjunction with International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month (which lasts throughout March). Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge, a collaborative, curated online assortment and shopping experience focused on female-owned businesses. DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment with a themed event series and podcast."}
{"id": "doc6007", "text": "Restaurants, bars and “eatertainment” concepts have emerged as coveted tenants for shopping centers as the retail industry adapts to e-commerce and store closures by various soft goods retailers. But the ongoing food-and-beverage renaissance can deliver mixed results for retail landlords who don’t choose their operators and merchandise offerings carefully. "}
{"id": "doc6008", "text": "The restaurant sector is notoriously risky, with a failure rate of around 80% for new concepts. The steep upfront costs of building and operating a restaurant can be debilitating for inexperienced operators, often resulting in failure within the first two years. A restaurant space can remain empty and stigmatized for extended periods while a replacement is found, especially if multiple concepts in that space have failed."}
{"id": "doc6009", "text": "That said, the food-and-beverage category is a juggernaut in retail real estate these days, benefiting consumers, landlords and, in some cases, neighboring stores. Restaurants accounted for 17% of retail sales in the United States last year, making the sector the fastest-growing and largest in the retail universe. Excluding food courts, restaurants now occupy roughly 43 million sq. ft. in U.S. malls, up 18% from 2007, according to the International Council of Shopping Centers. "}
{"id": "doc6010", "text": "This growth has yielded some upside for neighboring retailers. Food-and-beverage brings shoppers to retail centers at times when traditional soft goods stores’ draw might be less, namely at lunchtime and in the evening. It also tends to increase shoppers’ dwell times. Although restaurant patrons sometimes crowd parking lots at busy times, inconveniencing other shoppers, the benefits outweigh the drawbacks for most retail landlords these days. "}
{"id": "doc6011", "text": "Here are some notable trends in food-and-beverage that we at CBRE are monitoring."}
{"id": "doc6012", "text": "Eatertainment goes small.  Eatertainment concepts like Dave & Buster’s, Punch Bowl Social, Round One Entertainment, and Topgolf have firmly established themselves in suburban markets. Suburban malls, lifestyle centers, and adjacent free-standing locations provide these concepts with the big boxes and ample parking that they require. Now some are testing smaller formats to crack urban markets. Earlier this year, Topgolf announced its roughly 7,700-sq.-ft. Topgolf Lounge that will offer virtual golf and virtual games in addition to food and drink. Dave & Buster’s and Punch Bowl Social, too, are experimenting with downsized formats to give them access to densely populated cities and hordes of new customers. "}
{"id": "doc6013", "text": "It’s a fast-casual world. Fast-casual reigns as the dominant restaurant format in the U.S., accounting for four of every five locations opened by top-500 chains in 2018. The format’s calling cards – better quality fare than fast food, relatively quick service, and lower prices than full-service restaurants – have resonated with today’s diners who are health-, time-, and price-conscious. While established fast-casual brands like Chipotle Mexican Grill continue to expand, we’ve also seen emerging and regional, farm-to-table operators open fast-casual outlets. Many retail landlords are happy to welcome these restaurants to replace departed retailers. Yet, amid this growth, there is need for caution."}
{"id": "doc6014", "text": "Adding too many restaurants to a retail center can result in those eateries cannibalizing one another’s sales.  Additionally, many fledgling F&B concepts struggle with the rising costs of operating a restaurant, including rent. U.S. retail rents have increased for 23 consecutive quarters. Ultimately, retail landlords must be careful and deliberate about which operators they bet on and how many they add to their centers.  "}
{"id": "doc6015", "text": "Today’s special: ghost kitchens.  As the meal-delivery sector expands, a few restaurant operators have established delivery-only kitchens, also called ghost kitchens. These locations allow operators to serve a heavy volume of delivery customers without requiring in-dining restaurant kitchens and resources, copying the decades-old approach of pizza-delivery operators. Aggregators like Kitchen United provide commercial kitchen space for multiple restaurateurs to produce meals solely for delivery customers. Ghost kitchens needn’t occupy prime retail space. "}
{"id": "doc6016", "text": "Food halls hit the ‘burbs. Food halls are rocking in urban markets, but their road to success in the suburbs will be rocky. Food halls need the continual, all-day flow of customer traffic often provided by downtown locations in larger cities. Some suburban malls are installing them in vacant space, and they can serve as a new form of anchor, but they need the 24/7 traffic of shoppers, office workers, nearby residents to be successful.  They also require a carefully curated roster of unique and often artisanal eateries set inside an authentic environment to set them apart from mere food courts. "}
{"id": "doc6017", "text": "Meghann Martindale is CBRE’s global head of retail research."}
{"id": "doc6018", "text": "Chipotle Mexican Grill is piloting new store features to reduce friction and increase convenience for customers and drivers picking up digital orders."}
{"id": "doc6019", "text": "The fast-casual chain is testing its new design in four new restaurants of the following types: an urban storefront, a standalone restaurant with a drive-thru “Chipotlane,” and endcap unit with a “Chipotlane.” The pilot stores are in Chicago, Cincinnati, and two locations in Phoenix. Additionally, the new restaurant design will be trialed in two retrofits in Newport Beach and San Diego, Calif. "}
{"id": "doc6020", "text": "As part of its stage gate process, Chipotle will assess the performance of each restaurant for transactions, guest feedback, and ability to incorporate future menu innovations, among other metrics, before determining which design will roll out nationally."}
{"id": "doc6021", "text": "With Chipotles digital business increasing in size to $1 billion dollars, new in-restaurant features such as walk-up windows and premium placement for digital built in pick-up portals are designed to allow customers to receive their food more efficiently. Other features include open views and front row seating to provide direct lines of sight into the kitchen. The openness of this design will aim to increase communication and foster a sense of community with the restaurants. Additionally, bottled beverages will be more accessible with a customer-facing reach-in cooler built into the serving line."}
{"id": "doc6022", "text": "By better suiting our restaurants to accommodate the digital business, were able to finalize orders more effectively and provide a better overall experience for our guests, said Curt Garner, CTO, Chipotle."}
{"id": "doc6023", "text": "While we are staying true to Chipotles heritage, we are also excited to integrate new, innovative physical features into the restaurant that complement our growing digital business, said Tabassum Zalotrawala, chief development officer of Chipotle. Our eco-friendly, natural aesthetic and locally sourced approach to this design builds on our strong brand values and mission of cultivating a better world."}
{"id": "doc6024", "text": "Chipotle Mexican Grill had over 2,500 restaurants as of Sept. 30, 2019, in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Germany, and owns and operates all its restaurants."}
{"id": "doc6025", "text": "An ethically-sourced, digitally native bridal and fine jewelry has put down roots in Philadelphia."}
{"id": "doc6026", "text": "Brilliant Earth opened its eighth physical location, a showroom in the heart of Philly’s Rittenhouse Square. The 2,000-sq.-ft. showroom, in the penthouse suite of 1701 Walnut Street, is designed to provide a low-pressure environment with an appointment model that allows for a more hands on, personalized interaction tailored to  customers’ individual preferences. Stores operate with an inventory light model, providing flexibility in both operations and product assortment."}
{"id": "doc6027", "text": "The new Brilliant Earth features contemporary architectural elements, including high ceilings and glass walls, juxtaposed with exposed brick that evokes the building’s historic nature.  It joins the brand’s existing spaces in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston, Chicago, San Diego, Denver, and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc6028", "text": "“We are excited to offer our customers the opportunity to shop where, when and how they want – in one of our eight showrooms or through our website, which features industry-leading visualization and virtual ring try-on,” said Beth Gerstein, co-founder and CEO, Brilliant Earth. “Our showrooms offer a unique and personalized experience, and we’re thrilled that Philadelphia locals now have the opportunity to view our beautiful jewelry in a serene environment.”"}
{"id": "doc6029", "text": "Founded online in 2005 in San Francisco by Beth Gerstein and Eric Grossberg, Brilliant Earth is dedicated to creating fine jewelry while promoting a more ethical, transparent and compassionate jewelry industry. Its diamonds are selected for their ethically and environmentally responsible origins, and its fine jewelry is crafted from primarily recycled precious metals.  "}
{"id": "doc6030", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6031", "text": "A regional sporting goods retailer has entered two new states via an acquisition."}
{"id": "doc6032", "text": "Utah-based Sportsman’s Wearhouse opened eight stores on October 19, as part of its recent acquisition of Field & Stream stores. With the openings, Sportman’s Wearhouse enters the states of New York and Pennsylvania for the first time. (Two of the acquired stores are in New York, three are in Pennsylvania, two are in North Carolina and one is in Michigan.)"}
{"id": "doc6033", "text": "Each location averages roughly 50,000 sq. ft. and features more than 60,000 region-specific products for outdoor activities, including hunting, fishing and camping. "}
{"id": "doc6034", "text": "Founded in 1986, Sportsmans Warehouse now operates 103 stores in 27 states.  "}
{"id": "doc6035", "text": "Nordstrom has unveiled the first of two East Coast store openings planned for this fall."}
{"id": "doc6036", "text": "The department store retailer opened a three-level, 140,000-sq.-ft. store at the SoNo Collection in Norwalk, Conn. It features the company’s latest store design, a service-driven beauty and wellness experience and a new, dedicated service concept. (Nordstrom’s first store in Connecticut opened in 1997, at Westfarms Mall in Farmington.)  "}
{"id": "doc6037", "text": "The design includes lighter fixtures, more windows and natural light that helps to connect the shopping experience to the outside world. The goal was to create spaces where customers want to spend their leisure time, to encourage a sense of discovery for new brands or styles they havent tried before, according to Nordstrom."}
{"id": "doc6038", "text": "The new beauty concept, called Nordstrom Beauty Haven, highlights wellness, haircare and beauty brands and offers an array of services to pamper customers from head-to-toe – whether they have 30-minutes or three hours. Services include: "}
{"id": "doc6039", "text": "•    Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Suite: A boutique brow experience with experts trained to reshape and sculpt using the famous Anastasia method;"}
{"id": "doc6040", "text": "•    Base Coat Nail Salon: Featuring manicures and pedicures using plant-based and mostly chemical-free products; and "}
{"id": "doc6041", "text": "•    Light Salon: This light bar service brings convenient and effective five to sixty-minute treatments to customers using the latest LED technology. The facial bar offers various treatments ranging from spot treatments to peels."}
{"id": "doc6042", "text": "Nordstrom at SoNo also features the debut of a new dedicated service concept: Express Services. Customers can pick-up (and try on) online orders in the 2,700-sq.-ft. department, which also allows for express returns and access to in-store alterations and tailoring services all in one place. Additional services include curbside pickup, complimentary personal styling, bra and prosthesis fitters. "}
{"id": "doc6043", "text": "Womens apparel features fashion in a variety of price points including of-the-moment brands like rag & bone, Veronica Beard, FRAME, and Saloni; designer brands including Missoni, Carolina Herrera and Oscar de la Renta; and exclusive and limited distribution brands like Madewell, Topshop and more than 35 Nordstrom Made labels. In shoes, customers can find everything from Nike to Doc Martens to Christian Louboutin, including several Nordstrom Exclusive styles from Valentino, Prada, Golden Goose and Givenchy. The store also has four specialty handbag boutiques including Chloe, Longchamp, Givenchy and Mansur Gavriel."}
{"id": "doc6044", "text": "The opening of the new store in Connecticut comes weeks before Nordstrom will unveil its first-ever flagship in New York City, opening Oct. 24. "}
{"id": "doc6045", "text": "Nordstrom operates 381 stores in 40 states, including 116 full-line stores in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico; 249 Nordstrom Rack stores; three Jeffrey boutiques; two clearance stores; six Trunk Club clubhouses; and five Nordstrom Local locations."}
{"id": "doc6046", "text": "The Kroger Co. is divesting the natural and organic food chain that it has helped grow during the past two years."}
{"id": "doc6047", "text": "The nation’s largest supermarket chain on Thursday said it has decided to sell its stake in Luckys Market following a review of its portfolio. The divestiture led to a non-cash impairment charge of $238 million in the third quarter."}
{"id": "doc6048", "text": "Kroger invested in the Colorado-based, value-priced Lucky’s in April 2016. At the time, it had 17 stores. The store count has since grown to 39 locations."}
{"id": "doc6049", "text": "“The amount of investment that it would take for Lucky’s to be a meaningful contributor to Kroger overall and the efforts that it would take, we just didn’t think it created a good return for the investments,” Kroger CEO Rodney McMullen said on the company’s post-earnings call."}
{"id": "doc6050", "text": "The news about Lucky was included in Kroger’s third-quarter earnings report, which offered mixed results. Net income totaled $263 million, or $0.32 a share, in the quarter, down from $317 million, or $0.39 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to $0.47, missing the $0.49 analysts had expected."}
{"id": "doc6051", "text": "Sales rose to $27.97 billion from $27.83 billion, below the expected $28.16 billion. Same-store sales rose 2.5%. "}
{"id": "doc6052", "text": "Digital sales in the quarter rose 21%, compared with the 31% increase in the second quarter. Kroger has made significant investments in its digital operations and technology overall as part of its ‘Restock Kroger’ program to grow online sales, improve delivery and modernize stores."}
{"id": "doc6053", "text": "In a statement, McMullen noted that Kroger’s 2.5% identical-sales rise was the strongest since the launch the Restock Kroger program, which was launched in fall 2017. "}
{"id": "doc6054", "text": "“Krogers customer obsession and focus on operational excellence continued to generate positive results in the third quarter,” stated McMullen. “Identical sales were the strongest since we started Restock Kroger and gross margin rate, excluding fuel and pharmacy, improved slightly in the quarter. At the same time, we continued to reduce costs as a percentage of sales. Kroger continues to generate strong and durable free cash flow as reflected by the fact that the company has reduced debt by $1.5 billion over the prior four quarters and continues to increase its dividend to create shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc6055", "text": "The Kroger Co. is letting shoppers customize wine packs as it expands availability of its Kroger Wine delivery service."}
{"id": "doc6056", "text": "The grocery titan is partnering with Drinks, provider of an omnichannel ship-to-home solution it calls a “wine-as-a-service” platform, to launch a new “build-your-own-pack” feature for Kroger Wine. Shoppers now have the option to customize their delivery packs by selecting each individual wine from a selection of more than 45 wines. "}
{"id": "doc6057", "text": "Kroger initially introduced Kroger Wine in 14 states in late 2018. Earlier in 2019, the program expanded to customers in Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, and New Jersey. In November, Kroger expanded the program to Arizona. The service is now available in 19 states and Washington, D.C., representing 58 million households both inside and outside Krogers brick-and-mortar footprint of nearly 2,800 retail stores. "}
{"id": "doc6058", "text": "To purchase, shoppers visit wine.kroger.com. After confirming their delivery state and legal drinking age, they can search a curated wine assortment and create a custom pack, or join the quarterly membership club. Wines range in price from $10-$16 per bottle, with no additional shipping fees for home delivery."}
{"id": "doc6059", "text": "Kroger is continuously broadening how customers can engage with us no matter what their needs are. Our mission is to serve our customers anything, anytime, anywhere, and Kroger Wine represents an additional way our customers can shop with us, said Jody Kalmbach, Krogers group VP of product experience. With the new build-your-own pack feature, Kroger has brought its industry-leading convenience and personalization to the online wine-buying experience and expanded our leadership in the wine category."}
{"id": "doc6060", "text": "Grocery retailers have increasingly been introducing online alcohol delivery offerings. In June 2019, Sam’s Club launched one-hour delivery of alcohol at select stores via partnership with Instacart. Since that time, retailers including Aldi, Walmart and BJ’s have also added on-demand alcohol delivery to their omnichannel grocery offerings."}
{"id": "doc6061", "text": "BJ’s Wholesale Club Holdings reported mixed results for its third quarter and also announced a stock repurchase program."}
{"id": "doc6062", "text": "The membership-based warehouse retailer reported that its net income rose to $55.1 million, or 40 cents a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, from $54.4 million, or 39 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings rose to 41 cents per share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc6063", "text": "Total revenue edged up 0.2% to $3.229 billion, below analysts’ estimates of $3.30 billion. Net sales rose 0.1% to $3.15 billion and membership fee income grew 7.1% to $76.5 million. "}
{"id": "doc6064", "text": "Same-store sales increased 1.1%, below expectations."}
{"id": "doc6065", "text": "We delivered solid margin improvement and continued earnings growth in the third quarter,” said Christopher J. Baldwin, chairman and CEO, BJ’s Wholesale Club. We remain focused on executing against our strategic plan and transforming our business to be well-positioned for the long-term. The boards decision to authorize a stock repurchase program reflects the strength of our cash flow and confidence in our growth strategy and long-term outlook."}
{"id": "doc6066", "text": "For 2019, BJs lowered its sales outlook to approximately $12.9 billion from $12.9 billion to $13.2 billion and cut its same-store sales growth guidance to 1.3% to 1.5% from 1.5% to 2.5%.  It also while narrowing its EPS outlook to $1.44 to $1.48 from $1.42 to $1.50. "}
{"id": "doc6067", "text": "In other news, the retailer set a $250 million stock repurchase program, expiring January 2022.  "}
{"id": "doc6068", "text": "Headquartered in Westborough, Massachusetts, BJs operates 219 clubs and 144 BJs Gas locations in 17 states."}
{"id": "doc6069", "text": "Tailored Brands is selling the Joseph Abboud trademarks to a brand acquisition firm for $115 million. "}
{"id": "doc6070", "text": "The menswear retailer said it will sell the Joseph Abboud trademarks to New York-based brand acquisition and management firm WHP for $115 million. It has also entered into a licensing agreement with WHP for the exclusive rights to sell and rent Joseph Abboud branded apparel and related merchandise in the U.S. and Canada."}
{"id": "doc6071", "text": "This transaction allows us to unlock value in the Joseph Abboud trademarks through an experienced partner that will focus on building the brand through international and category expansion, said Dinesh Lathi, CEO, Tailored Brands, whose banners include Mens Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank, Joseph Abboud, Moores Clothing for Men and K&G. “We plan to use the proceeds from the transaction for debt repayment, which will strengthen our balance sheet and provide additional financial flexibility to invest in our customer-facing transformation strategies."}
{"id": "doc6072", "text": "Tailored Brands also said that the designer Joseph Abboud will be leaving the company at the end of January to pursue new opportunities in the global fashion community. Tailored Brands acquired the designer label in 2013 for $97.3 million.  "}
{"id": "doc6073", "text": "I want to thank Tailored Brands for our partnership over the past eight years,” said Abboud. “We’ve accomplished a great deal together as we’ve built one of the leading menswear brands in the U.S. and Canada."}
{"id": "doc6074", "text": "Tailored Brands will continue to own and operate the factory in New Bedford, Massachusetts, that manufactures quality U.S. made tailored clothing. The agreement is expected to close by the end of March, subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc6075", "text": "WHP Global is backed by funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and with financing from BlackRock. Following the close of the transaction, WHP will have over $1.4 billion in retail sales across its portfolio of brands including Anne Klein and Joseph Abboud."}
{"id": "doc6076", "text": "Tailored Brands has named its first-ever chief customer officer."}
{"id": "doc6077", "text": "The menswear retailer named Carrie Ask, currently brand president of Men’s Wearhouse and Moores, to the new role of chief customer officer, with responsibility for Men’s Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank and Moores brands. In line with the new position, the company said it has eliminated the brand president positions for these brands. Mary Beth Blake, brand president of Jos. A. Bank, is resigning. "}
{"id": "doc6078", "text": "“We believe the new structure heightens our focus and ability to unlock value across our brand portfolio and will enable us to show up for our customers in more effective and efficient ways,” Tailored Brands president and CEO Dinesh Lathi stated."}
{"id": "doc6079", "text": "Tailored Brands also reported a third-quarter loss of $89.5 million, or $1.80 a share, compared with net income of $13.9 million, or 27 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were 53 cents a share, better than the 43 cents analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc6080", "text": "Total net sales for the third quarter decreased 3.0% to a better-than-expected $729.5 million, primarily due to a 2.2% decrease in comparable sales.    "}
{"id": "doc6081", "text": "By brand, Men’s Wearhouse comparable sales decreased 2.8% and Jos. A. Bank comparable sales increased 0.5% primarily due to an increase in both units per transaction and transactions partially offset by a decrease in average unit retail. Moores’ comparable sales decreased 5.5% primarily due to a decrease in both average unit retail and transactions while units per transaction were essentially flat."}
{"id": "doc6082", "text": "Tailored Brands, owner of Mens Wearhouse, Jos. A Bank and other brands, turned in a disappointing first quarter performance amid slow sales at its core division."}
{"id": "doc6083", "text": "Net earnings totaled $7.1 million, or 14 cents a share, for the quarter ended May 4,  compared with $13.9 million, or 27 cents a share, a year ago. (Results for the most-recent quarter included $4.4 million in restructuring charges to pay severance and terminate leases.). Adjusted earnings came to 21 cents a share. Analysts were expecting earnings of 15 cents."}
{"id": "doc6084", "text": "Revenue fell 4.5% to $781.4 million,  but beating analysts expectations of $776 million. Same-store sales fell 3.2%. By brand, same-store sales declined 4.5%  at Men’s Wearhouse, 0.7% at Jos. A. Bank, 4.6% at Moores  and 0.5% at K&G. The company cited fewer transactions and units per transactions and lower sales at Men’s Wearhouse in particular."}
{"id": "doc6085", "text": "The retailer noted that, during the quarter, it launched new brand campaigns for both Men’s Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank that are being leveraged across channels. As a result, advertising expense increased $3.8 million to $45 million during the quarter, primarily reflecting the launch of new brand campaigns for Men’s Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank and more expensive local (instead of more economical national) broadcast media to support planned tests."}
{"id": "doc6086", "text": "In March, Tailored Brands named executive chairman Dinesh Lathi as president and CEO, succeeding longtime chief executive Doug Ewert, who retired. Lathi, who has served as chairman of the company since 2017 and executive chairman since 2018, sounded a positive note in a statement."}
{"id": "doc6087", "text": "“While we are on a journey to evolve our business to more fully meet our customers’ needs and wants, we made good progress in the first quarter against our strategic initiatives,” said Lathi. “Our custom business posted another strong quarter as we continued to respond to our customers’ demand for personalized products and services that help them look their best in the moments that matter. Our e-commerce team executed a robust portfolio of user experience and personalization tests, several of which have been pushed into production to increase conversion and average order values.”"}
{"id": "doc6088", "text": "For the second quarter, Tailored Brands projected earnings of 65 to 70 cents a share. Wall Street was looking for earnings of 81 cents a share."}
{"id": "doc6089", "text": "Tailored Brands operates over 1,400 locations in the U.S. and Canada, under such banners as Mens Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank, Joseph Abboud, Moores Clothing for Men and K&G.  It also operates an international corporate apparel and workwear group consisting of Dimensions, Alexandra and Yaffy in the United Kingdom and Twin Hill in the United States."}
{"id": "doc6090", "text": "An upscale footwear and accessories brand opened a pop-up store in the Big Apple — but in an unlikely place. "}
{"id": "doc6091", "text": "Cole Haan’s new pop-up store can be found at the National Retail Federation’s annual conference, NRF 2020 Vision, which is being held at the Jacob Javits Center in New York City from Jan. 12-14. The pop-up is located inside the booth of retailer’s e-commerce solution provider, Aptos. "}
{"id": "doc6092", "text": "The pop-up shop features the retailer’s gravity-defying GrandPro Rally Sneakers, and a new line of Zerogrand outerwear. NRF attendees can place mobile orders onsite and have merchandise delivered to their hotel rooms — two services that are supported by Aptos fulfillment and order management solutions. "}
{"id": "doc6093", "text": "Cole Haan, which operates more than 100 stores in the U.S., and abroad, is currently preparing to take its company public. In October, the company confidentially submitted a draft registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the proposed initial public offering of its common stock. The size and price range of the proposed offering have not yet been determined."}
{"id": "doc6094", "text": "Cole Haan is owned by U.K. private equity firm Apax Partners, which acquired the company from Nike in 2013."}
{"id": "doc6095", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc6096", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc6097", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc6098", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc6099", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc6100", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc6101", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc6102", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc6103", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc6104", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc6105", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc6106", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc6107", "text": "Cole Haan is prepping to go public."}
{"id": "doc6108", "text": "The upscale footwear and accessories brand said that it has confidentially submitted a draft registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the proposed initial public offering of its common stock. Cole Haan is owned by U.K. private equity firm Apax Partners, which acquired the company from Nike in 2013."}
{"id": "doc6109", "text": "The size and price range of the proposed offering have not yet been determined. The IPO is expected to commence after the SEC completes its review process, subject to market and other conditions, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc6110", "text": "In its most recent fiscal year ended June 1, Cole Haan’s sales rose 14% to $687 million and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization rise 56% to $95.3 million, according to Bloomberg. "}
{"id": "doc6111", "text": "Cole Haan operates more than 100 stores in the U.S., and also has stores abroad."}
{"id": "doc6112", "text": "Cole Haan is the latest U.S. retailer to file for an initial public offering."}
{"id": "doc6113", "text": "The New Hampshire-based footwear and accessories brand, owned by private equity firm Apax Partners, filed with an initial offering with plans to list on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol CLHN. Cole Haan said it plans to raise up to $100 million, which is likely a placeholder sum as it works to determine exact terms."}
{"id": "doc6114", "text": "Cole Haan, which Nike sold to Apax in 2013, had revenue of $686.6 million for the year ended June 1, 2019, up 14.1% from the year-ago period. Profit rose 43.1% to $33.1 million. The brand sells in 64 countries, including through 368 stores and over 450 wholesale accounts. "}
{"id": "doc6115", "text": "Seven years ago, we began our journey as an independent company and set out to transform a classic domestic dress shoe company with a 90-year heritage into something even bigger — a global lifestyle brand serving always-connected, active professionals with innovative footwear and lifestyle accessories,” said Jack Boys, CEO, Cole Haan, in a letter to potential investors that is part of the filing. "}
{"id": "doc6116", "text": "In its prospectus, Cole Haan cited the coronavirus outbreak as a risk factor, saying it could materially impact its sourcing and manufacturing operations. The company noted that a portion of its products are manufactured in China and materials for its products are sourced in China by its manufacturers within Greater China and in other affected regions. "}
{"id": "doc6117", "text": "In January, CasperSleep filed for an IPO.  J. Crew Group’s Madewell filed for an IPO near the end of 2019."}
{"id": "doc6118", "text": "BofA Securities and Morgan Stanley are acting as co-lead bookrunning managers for Cole Haan’s proposed offering. J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are also acting as lead bookrunning managers. Jefferies, Baird, Cowen, Piper Sandler and Stifel are acting as bookrunning managers."}
{"id": "doc6119", "text": "Abercrombie & Fitch reported mixed results for its third quarter as a “complicated” global environment offset U.S. same-store gains in its namesake and Hollister brands."}
{"id": "doc6120", "text": "The apparel retailer’s net income totaled $6.523 million, or 10 cents a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, down from $23.9 million, or 35 cents a share, in the year-earlier period. Adjusted earnings came to 23 cents, just missing Street estimates of 24 cents.  "}
{"id": "doc6121", "text": "Sales rose to $863.5 million from $861.2 million, missing analysts’ estimates of $868.0 million. Same-store sales were flat. Hollister and Abercrombie both delivered positive U.S. comps, resulting in a total U.S. comp gain of 3%, which was offset by international comps of negative 8%, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc6122", "text": "We achieved another quarter of constant currency revenue growth and positive U.S. comps across brands, while maintaining tight expense management,” stated CEO Fran Horowitz. “Continued U.S. momentum was offset by challenges across several of our key international markets as well as a complicated global operating environment, which weighed on overall results.”"}
{"id": "doc6123", "text": "Abercrombie now expects fiscal 2019 sales and same-store sales to be flat to up 1% and for fourth-quarter sales and same-store sales to be flat to up 2%. It expects China tariffs to shave about $4 million off gross profit in the fourth quarter and $5 million in the full year. About 25% of the companys merchandise in fiscal 2018 was sourced from China. "}
{"id": "doc6124", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc6125", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6126", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc6127", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc6128", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc6129", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc6130", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6131", "text": "While coronavirus-related declines in consumer traffic will impact retailers’ IT spending, IHL Group also sees some positive trends."}
{"id": "doc6132", "text": "The industry analysis/consulting firm now forecasts 2020 worldwide IT spend by the retail and hospitality industry will total $270 billion. This is up 5.6% from 2019, but adjusted downward for the expected impact of the coronavirus 9COVID-19) on the global economy."}
{"id": "doc6133", "text": "IHL predicts that consumer traffic will be down for a period, but there will also be developments that will help to buffer the negative downside in retail IT spend. These include less travel, more focus on specific projects and opportunities to replace equipment with less impact on operations. "}
{"id": "doc6134", "text": "In addition, IHL says the most significant retail investments in IT are in moving solutions to the cloud, particularly those that optimize the relationship for digital orders with store fulfillment. The firm predicts that the trends to optimize click-and-collect and delivery will double their previous investment as a result of consumers seeking to avoid crowds into June 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6135", "text": "Other technologies IHL expects retailers to significantly increase their investments in include remote tools, solutions that decentralize the supply chain, artificial intelligence/machine learning, forecasting solutions, and analytics. Retailers have also already made decisions about investing in POS technology based on the expiration of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standard 2.0. "}
{"id": "doc6136", "text": "“Overall, we view COVID – 19 as a 1 fiscal quarter significant blip on retail consumer spending, with less impact rolling through on 2020 IT spend,” Greg Buzek, founder and president of IHL Group, said in a corporate blog post. “If there is to be a significant drop in retail spend as a result of COVID-19 and resulting economic impact beyond 1 fiscal quarter, the IT impacts will be more significant in 2021 spend than for 2020. Of course, should the virus impact grow longer than one quarter worldwide, all growth will be reduced further.”"}
{"id": "doc6137", "text": "Another off-price retailer has posted strong results for its third quarter."}
{"id": "doc6138", "text": "Ross Stores reported that its net earnings grew to $371 million, or $1.03 per share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $338 million and earnings per share of $0.91 in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.98.  Third-quarter sales rose 8% to $3.8 billion. Same-store sales rose 5%, easily topping Street expectations, on top of last year’s gain of 3%."}
{"id": "doc6139", "text": "Ross reported its results just days after another off-price retailer, The TJX Cos., posted robust numbers. "}
{"id": "doc6140", "text": "“We are pleased that our third-quarter results were ahead of expectations,” said Barbara Rentler, CEO. “Operating margin of 12.4% was also above-plan mainly due to better than expected sales and merchandise margin.”"}
{"id": "doc6141", "text": "Rentler sounded a cautious note about holiday sales, noting the chain was up against multiple years of strong comparable store sales gains. "}
{"id": "doc6142", "text": "“In addition, we expect another fiercely competitive retail landscape, along with ongoing uncertainty surrounding the macro-economic and political environment,” she said. “As such, while we hope to do better, we continue to project fourth quarter comparable store sales gains of 1% to 2% versus a 4% increase last year.”"}
{"id": "doc6143", "text": "The retailer also continues to expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25, which now includes a one-time, non-cash benefit of $.02 per share, primarily due to the favorable resolution of a tax matter, offset by slightly higher pre-tax expenses. "}
{"id": "doc6144", "text": "“Based on our year-to-date results, and our updated fourth quarter guidance, we are now planning earnings per share for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $4.52 to $4.57, up from $4.26 in fiscal 2018,” Rentler said."}
{"id": "doc6145", "text": "Ross operates 1,550 Ross Dress for Less stores in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 260 dd’s Discounts locations in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc6146", "text": "Ross Stores is losing one of its longtime merchandising executives."}
{"id": "doc6147", "text": "The fast-growing off-pricer announced that Bernie Brautigan, president, merchandising of Ross Dress for Less since 2016, is leaving the company. Senior merchant executives under his areas of responsibility will now report to CEO Barbara Rentler."}
{"id": "doc6148", "text": "“Bernie has made numerous valuable contributions over his 16-year career as a merchandising executive at Ross Dress for Less,” Rentler stated. “We have a very talented and long-tenured team of senior merchandising leaders directing a large organization of more than 800 buyers.”"}
{"id": "doc6149", "text": "As of January 9, 2020, the company operates 1,550 Ross locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 260 dd’s Discounts stores in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc6150", "text": "An off-price retailer expanded its banners across existing and new markets."}
{"id": "doc6151", "text": "Ross Stores Inc. opened 30 new Ross Dress for Less and 12 dds Discounts stores across 19 different states in September and October. These new locations complete the companys store growth plans for fiscal 2019 with the addition of 98 new stores."}
{"id": "doc6152", "text": "The retailer’s 42 new locations include nine Ross stores in its newer Midwest markets of Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Nebraska, and Ohio. In addition, dds Discounts entered the state of Virginia with the opening of one new store and now operates in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc6153", "text": "Ross Stores’ recent second-quarter earnings and sales exceeded Street expectations, but the chain narrowed its full-year earnings guidance on tariff concerns. However, the company is maintaining aggressive growth plans."}
{"id": "doc6154", "text": "This fall, we continued to expand our Ross and dds footprints across our existing markets as well as expansion in our newer market – the Midwest, said Jim Fassio, president and chief development officer, Ross Stores Inc. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to grow to 2,400 Ross Dress for Less and 600 dds Discounts locations over time."}
{"id": "doc6155", "text": "Together, Ross Dress for Less and dds Discounts currently operate 1,811 off-price apparel and home fashion stores in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam."}
{"id": "doc6156", "text": "Ross Stores’ recent second-quarter earnings and sales exceeded Street expectations, but the chain narrowed its full-year earnings guidance on tariff concerns."}
{"id": "doc6157", "text": "Ross Stores sees plenty of room for expansion as it continues to move into new markets."}
{"id": "doc6158", "text": "The off-pricer opened 19 stores and seven dds Discounts outlets across nine different states in February and March. The locations are part of the companys plans to add approximately 100 new stores – 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations – during fiscal 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6159", "text": "These recent openings reflect our ongoing plans to continue building our presence in both existing and newer markets, including the Midwest for Ross, and expansion of dds Discounts into Indiana, said Gregg McGillis, group executive VP, property development. “As we look out over the long-term, we remain confident that Ross can grow to 2,400 locations and dds discounts can become a chain of 600 stores given consumers ongoing focus on value."}
{"id": "doc6160", "text": "Currently, Ross operates 1,565 namesake locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 266 dd’s Discounts stores in 20 states. "}
{"id": "doc6161", "text": "Last week, Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates."}
{"id": "doc6162", "text": "Tommy Hilfiger has tapped a retailer with experience in marketing to young consumers to take its own marketing efforts to the next level."}
{"id": "doc6163", "text": "The company, which is owned by PVH Corp., named Michael Scheiner as chief marketing officer, Tommy Hilfiger Global. The appointment is effective October 28, 2019."}
{"id": "doc6164", "text": "Scheiner joins Tommy Hilfiger from Hollister Co., where he served as senior VP of marketing. He joined Hollister’s parent company, Abercrombie & Fitch, in 2011, and served in several positions. According to Tommy Hilfiger, Scheiner’s work at Hollister helped move the brand into the top five brands among teens in Piper Jaffray’s fall 2019 Taking Stock survey. "}
{"id": "doc6165", "text": "“We are thrilled to have Michael join our world-class marketing organization, and believe he will help fuel our ongoing digital transformation, enable us to respond strategically to new disruptions, and position Tommy Hilfiger as a leader amongst its competitors,” said Daniel Grieder, CEO Tommy Hilfiger Global & PVH Europe."}
{"id": "doc6166", "text": "Scheiner will be charged with leading Tommy Hilfiger into a new era of innovative marketing strategies – particularly across digital and experiential platforms – to reach and engage the next generation of consumers, the company said."}
{"id": "doc6167", "text": "“It is an honor to join such an iconic global brand,” said Scheiner. “The innovation and leadership Tommy Hilfiger has shown from its earliest beginnings is inspiring. I am excited to work closely with Tommy, Daniel and the company’s talented marketing teams around the world to write the next chapter as Tommy Hilfiger celebrates its 35th anniversary next year.”"}
{"id": "doc6168", "text": "The parent company of Applebee’s and IHOP is providing new access to on-demand delivery."}
{"id": "doc6169", "text": "Dine Brands, which owns the Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar and IHOP casual dining chains, is partnering with the Postmates on-demand delivery platform. Postmates users can now order from both restaurants in the more than 3,500 cities across the U.S. where the delivery service operates."}
{"id": "doc6170", "text": "From the outset of the partnership, Dine Brands and Postmates will integrate delivery orders directly into Applebees and IHOPs POS systems, respectively. As a result, Dine Brands intends to streamline the order fulfillment process."}
{"id": "doc6171", "text": "Dine is committed to delivering exceptional dining experiences for our guests, whether they are enjoying our craveable meals at home or in our restaurants. We are proud to join forces with partners such as Postmates, who is aligned with our guest centric value, said Steve Joyce, CEO, Dine Brands."}
{"id": "doc6172", "text": "Both Applebees and IHOP are very popular on the Postmates platform, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development, Postmates. We are thrilled to provide customers access to these restaurants in the 3,500-plus cities we operate in and as we near the busy holiday season, there is no better time to Postmate it."}
{"id": "doc6173", "text": "Consumers can order from Applebees or IHOP via the Postmates site or mobile app. or download Postmates on iOS or Android. Customers can pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates Unlimited membership service for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc6174", "text": "Applebee’s is offering customers a variety of third-party delivery options. In August 2019, the retailer made online and mobile delivery available at participating locations via the DoorDash on-demand platform."}
{"id": "doc6175", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods is striving to win the competition against fraudulent logins."}
{"id": "doc6176", "text": "The sporting goods retailer will deploy the Auth0 identity platform to power the login experience for its digital properties, including website and mobile. During 2019, Dick’s embarked on a digital transformation project that included identity management as a critical component."}
{"id": "doc6177", "text": "In addition to implementing a single sign-on for all customer applications and accounts, Dick’s also intends to leverage Auth0 technology to develop a modern identity solution that offers leading-edge options such as passwordless authentication. Dick’s will roll out new login features across its digital brands in the next few months and continue to apply Auth0’s product features to enhance the omnichannel customer experience."}
{"id": "doc6178", "text": "“Our athletes, and their experience on our digital properties, is one of the most important factors in retaining our loyal fan base and continuing to expand our business to new audiences,” said Bob Pecina, VP of technology, Dick’s. “After a solid review of solutions on the market, Auth0 provided us with the ease-of-use and scalability we were looking for in an identity management solution. They could also achieve our time-to-market goals, which was a deciding factor with the upcoming holiday season.”"}
{"id": "doc6179", "text": "Nordstrom reported earnings that exceeded expectations as sales trends improved across both its full-price and off-price businesses. "}
{"id": "doc6180", "text": "The company also raised the lower-end of its full-year profit guidance in contrast to profit forecast cuts by other department store retailers, including Macy’s Inc. and Kohl’s Corp. "}
{"id": "doc6181", "text": "Nordstrom’s net earnings were $126 million, with earnings per share of $0.81, for the period ended Nov. 2, compared with $67 million during the year-ago period, which included an after-tax estimated non-recurring credit-related charge of $49 million. Analysts has expected earnings of $0.65 per share."}
{"id": "doc6182", "text": "Total revenue fell 2% to $3.67 billion, in line with estimates."}
{"id": "doc6183", "text": "Nordstrom’s full-price net sales decreased 4.1%. Off-price net sales rose 1.2%. Total company-wide digital sales were up 7%, representing 34% of the business. "}
{"id": "doc6184", "text": "The retailer said its enhanced loyalty program, The Nordy Club, grew 13% in the quarter to more than 12 million active customers, and accounted for nearly 65% of sales for the third quarter."}
{"id": "doc6185", "text": "“Our third-quarter earnings exceeded expectations, demonstrating substantial progress in the delivery of our strategy and strength of our operating discipline, said Erik Nordstrom, co-president, Nordstrom. “Through our customer focus, we drove broad-based improvement in top-line trends. The consistent strength of our inventory and expense execution contributed to increased profitability for the quarter.”"}
{"id": "doc6186", "text": "In his statement, Nordstrom noted that the company realized an important milestone during the quarter with the opening of its York City flagship store, “significantly increasing our presence in the world’s top retail market.”"}
{"id": "doc6187", "text": "Nordstrom raised the lower-end of its full-year profit forecast and said it now expects full-year earnings to be $3.30 to $3.50 per share, up slightly from a prior per-share range of $3.25 to $3.50. It also said the impact of U.S. tariffs would not be significant for the year."}
{"id": "doc6188", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6189", "text": "Nordstrom is the latest department store retailer to tap into one of retail’s fastest-growing markets: previously-owned clothes and accessories."}
{"id": "doc6190", "text": "Nordstrom has launched, See You Tomorrow, an online and in-store resale shop. Curated by Olivia Kim, VP of creative projects at Nordstrom, the shop features an edited, authenticated assortment apparel and accessories from highly coveted brands, the retailer said. It will also highlight special brand partnerships, starting with Ganni, a Copenhagen-based contemporary fashion brand."}
{"id": "doc6191", "text": "On the brick-and-mortar front, Nordstrom has unveiled a See You Tomorrow in-store shop in its new Manhattan flagship. Designed and built in collaboration with artist and furniture designer Marc Hundley, the shop includes a café space whose offerings will emphasize sustainable market finds."}
{"id": "doc6192", "text": "At launch, Nordstrom’s resale initiative has been stocked with merchandise sourced from the Nordstrom Quality Center (NQC), the facility that receives and processes returned and damaged merchandise from Nordstroms full-price channels. All merchandise will be cleaned, repaired and refurbished before it becomes available for sale."}
{"id": "doc6193", "text": "In addition, Nordstrom is launching a customer intake program in its New York flagship that will allow customers to bring in their “gently-used” used items in exchange for Nordstrom gift cards that can be spent across all the retailer’s online and store channels, including Nordstrom Rack, HauteLook and Trunk Club. The company plans to launch an online intake program where customers will have the ability to mail in merchandise.  "}
{"id": "doc6194", "text": "Nordstrom has partnered with technology and logistics startup Yerdle to power the backend operations of the resale platform, including cleaning and repairing of product, inventory processing and fulfillment. Authentication of certain luxury designer items is being done in partnership with Entrupy."}
{"id": "doc6195", "text": "We want to provide a unique and elevated resale shopping experience that encourages a sense of discovery and provides access to the brands our customers know and love, while giving them a convenient opportunity to participate in the circular fashion economy, said Olivia Kim. We want our customers to feel good not only about what theyre buying, but how theyre buying it. "}
{"id": "doc6196", "text": "The resale market is currently valued at some $7 billion. It is expected to triple by 2023, according to a report from resale site ThredUp by the research firm GlobalData. During the past year, Macy’s and J.C. Penney have both partnered with ThredUp to sell secondhand women’s apparel from the company in their stores. In April, Neiman Marcus took a minority stake in online consignment market Fashionphile. "}
{"id": "doc6197", "text": "Most recently, Nordstrom Rack, in collaboration with Rent the Runway, starting testing a new service called Rent the Runway Revive. The program brings some of the subscription rental company’s gently worn products to 24 Nordstrom Rack locations for a limited time."}
{"id": "doc6198", "text": "The resale merchandise assortment at See You Tomorrow includes womens apparel, womens shoes, handbags, mens apparel, accessories and shoes, childrens wear and a limited selection of jewelry and watches. "}
{"id": "doc6199", "text": "In addition to providing customers more ways to engage with us, See You Tomorrow is another step were taking to actively support our commitment to sustainability, said Pete Nordstrom, co-president at Nordstrom. Were excited to show our customers another way Nordstrom is striving to leave the world better than we found it and circular fashion is another piece to this puzzle."}
{"id": "doc6200", "text": "Fashion retailer Primark is adding a high-profile location to its fledgling U.S. portfolio."}
{"id": "doc6201", "text": "The value-focused brand  has signed a lease to open a 34,200-sq.-ft. store at the corner of 11th and Market Streets in Fashion District Philadelphia. The District, which opened in September, is a retail and entertainment center located in the heart of downtown Philly and spans three city blocks across 900,000 sq. ft. "}
{"id": "doc6202", "text": "The new Primark will open in the company’s fiscal year 20/21, which runs from September 13th 2020 to September 11th 2021."}
{"id": "doc6203", "text": "“Primark, a growing international brand, is a perfect addition to the growing Fashion District tenant roster, further establishing the property as an engaging mix of accessible retail and social experiences in line with evolving consumer preferences,” said Joseph F. Coradino, CEO of PREIT. “The District is well-positioned to offer visitors a multi-faceted destination inclusive of coveted and first-to-Philadelphia brands that will drive guest visitation.”  (Fashion District Philadelphia is a joint venture partnership with PREIT and Macerich.)"}
{"id": "doc6204", "text": "Primark, founded in 1969 and owned by Associated British Foods,  offers a diverse range of the latest trends — at bargain prices — in clothing for women, men, and children along with homeware, accessories and beauty. The retailer opened its first U.S. store in 2015, in Boston. It now has nine locations in the Northeast: Downtown Crossing, Boston; King of Prussia Mall and Willow Grove Mall in Pennsylvania; Freehold Raceway Mall in New Jersey; Danbury Fair Mall in Connecticut; South Shore Braintree and Burlington Mall in Massachusetts; and Staten Island Mall and Kings Plaza Shopping Center, Brooklyn in New York.   "}
{"id": "doc6205", "text": "In addition, Primark expects to open previously announced stores at American Dream, New Jersey;  Sawgrass Mills, Florida; and State Street, Chicago, over the next 18 months."}
{"id": "doc6206", "text": "“We are delighted to announce Primark has secured an additional Northeast location as part of the company’s continued expansion in the United States,” said Andy Stewart, retail president, Primark U.S. “Our Fashion District store will mark another important milestone in bringing Primark’s unique formula of Amazing Fashion, Amazing Prices to more U.S. customers.”"}
{"id": "doc6207", "text": "Hudson’s Bay Company has ended its global search for president of its namesake division."}
{"id": "doc6208", "text": "The department store retailer appointed Iain Nairn as president, Hudson’s Bay, effective January 12, 2020. He succeeds Alison Coville, who stepped down in February."}
{"id": "doc6209", "text": "Most recently, Nairn was CEO of kikki.K, a global Swedish design and stationery business, with 102 namesake stores and e-commerce, and product lines available in over 147 countries worldwide. Previously, he was CEO of David Jones, Australia’s leading premium department store chain."}
{"id": "doc6210", "text": "“Iain brings strong leadership, sharp focus and in-depth expertise that I believe will make a positive impact on Hudson’s Bay,” said Helena Foulkes, CEO, Hudson’s Bay Co. “To date, the team has made great strides in fixing the fundamentals, evolving our service model and elevating our merchandise assortment. There is a tremendous opportunity in Canada to deliver an outstanding customer experience and I am excited to work with Iain to elevate the brand and drive performance for future success.”"}
{"id": "doc6211", "text": "Hudson’s Bay currently operates 89 full-line locations and website thebay.com. It is part of the portfolio of Hudson’s Bay Co., which has nearly 250 stores around the world and whole banners include Saks Fifth Ave."}
{"id": "doc6212", "text": "Target Corp. is charging into the all-important holiday shopping season on the heels of a stellar third quarter that buoyed the industry after disappointing third-quarter results from Kohl’s Corp. and J.C. Penney Co. "}
{"id": "doc6213", "text": "The discount giant raised its profit outlook for the year after reporting earnings that easily topped analysts’ estimates. "}
{"id": "doc6214", "text": "Net income rose to $714 million, or $1.39 a share, for the quarter ended Nov. 2, from $622 million, or $1.17 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share grew to $1.36 from $1.09, well above analysts’ estimates of $1.19. "}
{"id": "doc6215", "text": "Revenue rose 4.7% to $18.67, beating Street estimates of $18.45 billion. Target’s third-quarter same-store sales rose 4.5%, topping expectations of 3.7%. Comparable digital sales surged 31%, on top of 49% last year. Target said its same-day fulfillment services, which include buy-online-pick-up-in-store, curbside pick-up and same-day delivery with Shipt, accounted for 80% of its digital comparable sales growth. "}
{"id": "doc6216", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders noted that, unlike many other retailers, Target’s bottom line has not been negatively impacted by its growing share of online sales (7.5% of revenue in the third quarter versus 6.0% last year). Indeed, over the quarter net income increased by almost 15%, underpinned by a 22% uplift in operating profit."}
{"id": "doc6217", "text": "“Much of this is because of the high frequency of orders fulfilled from stores, which is more cost-effective than last-mile shipping,” he said. “However, Target also deserves credit for streamlining operations and for pushing higher-margin own brand product more heavily.” (Click here for commentary.)"}
{"id": "doc6218", "text": "Traffic during the quarter increased up 3.1%. The average transaction amount grew 1.4%."}
{"id": "doc6219", "text": "“Our third-quarter results are further proof of the durability of our strategy, as we’re seeing industry-leading strength across multiple metrics, from the top line to the bottom line,” said Target chairman and CEO Brian Cornell. “Looking ahead, we have ushered in the holiday season with an unwavering commitment to guest service that complements our highly differentiated, value-driven assortment, our exceptional in-store shopping experience as well as an unmatched suite of easy and convenient fulfillment options.”"}
{"id": "doc6220", "text": "For the fourth quarter, Target expects adjusted earnings per share of $1.64 to $1.74 and same-store sales growth of 3% to 4%, compared with the FactSet consensus for earnings per share of $1.65 and same-store sales growth of 3.3%."}
{"id": "doc6221", "text": "For 2019, Target raised its adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $6.25 to $6.45 from its previous $5.90 to $6.20."}
{"id": "doc6222", "text": "The department store sector took another blow as Macy’s Inc. reported a big drop in earnings and its first same-store decline after six straight quarters of comp sales growth."}
{"id": "doc6223", "text": "The department store giant, which blamed the late arrival of cold weather and weak traffic at lower-level malls as negatively impacting its third-quarter results, also slashed its full-year outlook. Macy’s disappointing quarter follows weak results by other department store retailers, notably Kohl’s and J.C. Penney, and stands in contrast to Walmart and Target, both of which are going into the holiday with strong momentum. The retailer’s results also come days after it reported it has been the victim of a data breach. "}
{"id": "doc6224", "text": "Macy’s net income totaled $2 million, or 1 cent a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, down from $62 million, or 20 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to 7 cents, better than Street estimates for break-even earnings."}
{"id": "doc6225", "text": "Net sales fell to $5.173 billion from $5.404 billion, below the $5.321 billion analysts had expected. "}
{"id": "doc6226", "text": "Same-store sales were down 3.5%, worse than expected. The decrease came after six consecutive quarters of comparable sales growth"}
{"id": "doc6227", "text": "While we anticipated a negative comp as we were lapping a very strong third quarter last year, the sales deceleration was steeper than we expected, CEO Jeff Gennette stated. “Our third quarter sales were impacted by the late arrival of cold weather, continued soft international tourism and weaker than anticipated performance in lower tier malls.” "}
{"id": "doc6228", "text": "In addition, Macy’s e-commerce business experienced a temporary due to work on the site in preparation for the fourth quarter, Gennette said, adding that the work has been completed. "}
{"id": "doc6229", "text": "The executive noted that Macy’s was able to clear out some excess inventory during the quarter, “resulting in significantly improved margin compression versus the first half of the year.” He expressed confidence in the company’s holiday strategies."}
{"id": "doc6230", "text": "“The Macy’s, Bloomingdales and Bluemercury teams are aligned and committed to delivering a great experience for our customers in our stores, on our digital sites and through our mobile apps,” he said. “We have fully updated our Growth150 stores and completed the 2019 expansion of Backstage. We have curated an expanded gift assortment with great values in all categories and developed a powerful marketing calendar for both our best and occasional customers.”"}
{"id": "doc6231", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders, said that Macy’s failure on the sales line comes back to the products it sells and the environments in which it sells them, neither of which are not aligned with what consumers want. "}
{"id": "doc6232", "text": "“Outside of the stores Macy’s has tried to improve, there are a host of other shops that remain plain dismal, down-at-heel and uninspiring,” said Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. “They are hard to navigate and do not meet the needs of the modern consumer in terms of the services or offer they present. It is those stores, some of which are in failing malls but others of which are in relatively successful locations, that are dragging Macy’s down.”"}
{"id": "doc6233", "text": "Macy’s now expects full-year sales to fall 2.5% to 2.0% compared with prior guidance for roughly flat. Same-store sales are expected to fall 1.5% to 1.0% compared with earlier guidance of flat to up 1%. Adjusted per-share earnings are expected to range from $2.57 to $2.77, compared with prior guidance of $2.85 to $3.05."}
{"id": "doc6234", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. beat the Street for the fourth quarter as it closed the book on a disappointing year that did not meet its expectations. "}
{"id": "doc6235", "text": "Kohl’s net income totaled $265 million, or $1.72 per share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, down from $272 million, or $1.67 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted EPS was $1.99 per share, topping analysts’ estimates for $1.88. "}
{"id": "doc6236", "text": "Total revenue inched up to $6.83 billion from $6.82 billion. Analysts had expected $6.52 billion. Same-store sales were flat. "}
{"id": "doc6237", "text": "On an earnings conference call with analysts, CEO Michelle Gass said that Kohls  womens apparel was challenged throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc6238", "text": "We recognize that we need a much more significant reinvention in women to improve the trajectory moving forward, she told analysts."}
{"id": "doc6239", "text": "Gass said that Kohls is making bold moves to improve the business, including a decision to exit eight of its womens brands during the coming year.  She did not name the brands, but said the company will provide more details at its upcoming meeting with investors."}
{"id": "doc6240", "text": "For the full year, Kohl’s reported sales of $19.9 billion, down from $20.2 billion in the previous year. Same-store sales fell 1.3%. Income totaled $769 million, down from $927 million a year earlier. "}
{"id": "doc6241", "text": "Kohls raised its dividend 5% to $0.704 per share payable April 1, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6242", "text": "While 2019 was a year in which our financial results did not meet our expectations, it was also a year of innovation and investment that further strengthened Kohl’s differentiation in the market,” said Michelle Gass, CEO, Kohl’s. “We are encouraged by the acceleration of traffic and new customer acquisition in our stores and online driven by the unprecedented level of new brands and partnerships we launched during the year. I am confident that we will build on our strengths in 2020 to stabilize and position the business for future growth.”"}
{"id": "doc6243", "text": "In February, Kohl’s announced a corporate restructuring that included the elimination of some 250 positions. "}
{"id": "doc6244", "text": "For 2020, the retailer expects earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.60, and same-store sales from down 1% to up 1%. The Street forecast earnings per share of $4.58 and a comparable sales decline of 1.3%."}
{"id": "doc6245", "text": "Abercrombie & Fitch Co.’s fourth quarter earnings and sales beat Street expectations amid rising demand for its namesake brand.  "}
{"id": "doc6246", "text": "The apparel retailer expects to take a hit of $60 million to $80 million to its fiscal 2020 revenue due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. It expects 2020 sales to be flat to up 2%, reflecting the COVID-19 impact. Analysts were looking for 1.1% growth."}
{"id": "doc6247", "text": "Abercrombie’s net income fell to $83.1 million, or $1.29 a share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, from $96.9 million, or $1.42 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share came to $1.31, beating analysts’ estimates of $1.23. "}
{"id": "doc6248", "text": "Net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion, also above estimates. Same-store sales rose 1%.   Same-store sales at Abercrombie stores rose 8%, while Hollister same-store sales declined 2%."}
{"id": "doc6249", "text": "“We finished the year on a strong note, with record Black Friday week results contributing to net sales growth and positive comparable sales for the fourth quarter, and for the third consecutive year,” said CEO Fran Horowitz. “Consistent with recent trends, Abercrombie outperformed Hollister and the U.S. outperformed international, which although still lagging registered significant sequential improvement."}
{"id": "doc6250", "text": "For the past couple of years, Abercrombie has closed some flagship locations in favor of opening smaller stores and pop-ups. It has an active remodeling program, updating stores with a more modern look that includes spacious fitting rooms and brighter interiors."}
{"id": "doc6251", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail, commented that Abercrombie is widening its appeal as a result of its marketing efforts and brand reinvention. Its holiday “Do 96 Hours In” campaign, which featured pop-up experiential stores and events in Los Angeles and Brooklyn, showcased fashion in the context of travel and self-care staycations, resonated with consumers and helped to educate non-shoppers about many of the changes that have been made to the Abercrombie brand, according to Saunders. "}
{"id": "doc6252", "text": "“In many ways, the campaign encapsulates the transition away from a brand that was once obsessed with looks and external image, to one that is now about making people feel good about themselves on the inside,” Saunders said. For more analysis, click here.   For the full year, Abercrombie’s total net sales rose 3% to $1.18 billion. Total same-store sales rose 1%. "}
{"id": "doc6253", "text": "“Over the past two years we have delivered a combined 157 new store experiences, reduced gross square footage by 6%, accelerated the rationalization of our flagship fleet and introduced local customer and product-facing teams in the EMEA and APAC regions,” Horowitz said. “We have laid the groundwork, and remain confident in our long-term vision and the global opportunities available to us as we continue to evolve with our customer."}
{"id": "doc6254", "text": "The retailer said that it expects the majority of the impact of the coronavirus to be felt in its first half. It also said the Asia-Pacific region contributed less than 10% of 2019 net sales, with China contributing about half of the regions sales."}
{"id": "doc6255", "text": "Total company manufacturing exposure to China was 22% in fiscal 2019, down from 36% in fiscal 2018, and is planned in the low-teens for fiscal 2020, Abercrombie said in a statement. The company has seen, and expects to continue to see, a direct impact to sales and margin from lost sales in the APAC region and in locations across Europe and North America."}
{"id": "doc6256", "text": "7-Eleven is expanding its holdings in Oklahoma."}
{"id": "doc6257", "text": "The convenience store giant has entered into an agreement to acquire 7 Eleven Stores of central Oklahoma, which includes more than 100 7-Eleven-branded locations that have been operating independently for 67 years. The transaction is anticipated to close in 60-90 days, subject to standard closing conditions and regulatory approvals. "}
{"id": "doc6258", "text": "All of the stores being acquired are located in the greater Oklahoma City metropolitan area. The acquisition will bring the total number of 7-Eleven stores in the U.S. and Canada to more than 9,700."}
{"id": "doc6259", "text": "Oklahoma has a growing economy, and this acquisition provides a great opportunity for us to expand regionally, said 7-Eleven president and CEO Joe DePinto."}
{"id": "doc6260", "text": "Seven & i Holdings Co., the parent company of 7 Eleven, Inc., operates almost 70,000 stores in 17 countries globally."}
{"id": "doc6261", "text": "7-Eleven is moving forward with its “evolution store format. "}
{"id": "doc6262", "text": "The c-store giant, which unveiled the concept last March in Dallas, has expanded it to Washington, D.C., with an additional location to open in San Diego in the coming months. 7-Eleven said it plans to continue to expand the concept across the country in 2020."}
{"id": "doc6263", "text": "The evolution format is designed to serve as a lab store and real-time experiential testing ground where customers can try the retailer’s latest innovations. "}
{"id": "doc6264", "text": "“Our evolution stores bring outstanding innovation to life through new food and beverage platforms as well as through digital experiences,” said 7-Eleven president and CEO Joe DePinto."}
{"id": "doc6265", "text": "The initial location exceeded expectations with enthusiastic reviews, crowds of customers and sales that continue to climb, according to 7-Eleven. The concepts that resonate with consumers are refined before being incorporated into the next generation of the chain’s current and new store standards."}
{"id": "doc6266", "text": "The evolution stores include a Laredo Taco Company restaurant. (7-Eleven acquired the Laredo Taco Company restaurants along with Stripes convenience stores in South Texas as part of the 1,000-store acquisition from Sunoco in 2018.) "}
{"id": "doc6267", "text": "They also feature an assortment of exclusive products, services and features customized to the neighborhoods they serve.  Digital initiatives that enhance the shopping experience are woven into the concept, including technology that allows customers to skip the checkout line and pay for their purchases via the 7-Eleven app."}
{"id": "doc6268", "text": "Other features include: •    Made-to-order specialty drinks that give customers the option to customize their drinks in a full-service beverage format including custom hot coffee drinks like flavored lattes, mochas and more as well as custom cold drinks like smoothies, agua frescas and cold brew coffee;"}
{"id": "doc6269", "text": "•    Self-serve specialty coffee drinks with the addition of touch-screen machines that brew custom hot coffee drinks like lattes, cappuccinos, espresso shots and more in just seconds; "}
{"id": "doc6270", "text": "•     Cold treats bar with multiple frozen yogurt and ice cream  with multiple toppings;•    National brand electronics such as tablets and Bluetooth headphones available for sale from a secure, self-serve kiosk;  •    On-the-go beauty with expanded skin care, makeup and other health and beauty items; and"}
{"id": "doc6271", "text": "•    7Now Delivery App – 7-Elevens on-demand delivery app allows customers to   have their favorite items delivered to their door."}
{"id": "doc6272", "text": "•    Certain locations include The Cellar, an alcove dedicated to an expanded selection of wines and craft beers, with a nearby growler station that features a rotating selection of local craft beer, cider and ales on tap. "}
{"id": "doc6273", "text": "“These new stores are invaluable learning labs, where new concepts are tailored to meet the needs of the communities they will serve from sunny southern California to the fast-paced world of the East Coast, said 7-Eleven executive VP and COO Chris Tanco. We will continue to evolve based on customer feedback and we look forward to creating the next generation of convenience together."}
{"id": "doc6274", "text": "7-Eleven has passed a major milestone as it readies to enter a new global market."}
{"id": "doc6275", "text": "The convenience store giant has topped the 70,000th store mark, with locations in 17 countries and regions around the world, including 11,800 in North America. 7-Eleven will enter a new market this year when it opens its first store in India, expanding the companys operations to 18 countries."}
{"id": "doc6276", "text": "Last year, 7 Eleven opened one store approximately every 3.5 hours. The company said it more locations than any other global chain. "}
{"id": "doc6277", "text": "“Over 93 years weve grown from a small local ice house in Oak Cliff, Texas, to a global and iconic brand that is 70,000 stores strong, said Joe DePinto, 7-Eleven president and CEO. That strength is due to a relentless focus on meeting the needs of our customers. Well continue to place our customers at the forefront of all we do.”"}
{"id": "doc6278", "text": "A convenience store giant is enabling its delivery app for voice ordering."}
{"id": "doc6279", "text": "7-Eleven is continuing to expand the functionality of its 7Now on-demand delivery app with the launch of 7Voice. This new feature enables customers to place a mobile order via the voice-controlled Google Home and Amazon Echo systems."}
{"id": "doc6280", "text": "With a voice command, shoppers can instruct a Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa voice device to open the 7Now delivery app. Items that can be ordered include beverages, fresh and hot foods, snacks, cosmetics, home goods, and thousands of other products. Once customers place and pay for a 7Now voice order, the selected items are delivered in about 30 minutes or less. No minimum order is required, and the service is available 24/7. Delivery for the first 7Now order is free, and the regular delivery fee is $3.99."}
{"id": "doc6281", "text": "7-Eleven introduced on-demand ordering and delivery in late 2017 when it began testing the app-based 7Now service at select stores in Dallas. The 7Now app auto-locates customers location and places the order at the nearest participating 7-Eleven store. A courier will pick up the order and deliver it to the specified address in 30 minutes or less. Using real-time tracking, 7-Eleven can let customers know when to expect their orders. Today, 7Now is available in 34 major metropolitan areas, with more than 200 cities and serving more than 23 million households. "}
{"id": "doc6282", "text": "In June 2019, the retailer began offering 7Now Pins, on-demand delivery technology that allows users to order products to locales such parks, beaches, sports fields, and entertainment venues. The proprietary hot spot technology was developed in house by the 7-Eleven digital team and has added more than 2,000 7Now Pins, or hot spots, to the 7Now delivery app."}
{"id": "doc6283", "text": "We continuously challenge ourselves to find even more ways to offer convenience and value to our customers, when and where people need it most, said Raghu Mahadevan, 7-Eleven VP of digital and delivery. 7Voice takes 7Now ordering from screen to voice, enabling customers to order in whatever way they prefer that is most convenient to them."}
{"id": "doc6284", "text": "Based in Irving, Texas, 7 Eleven operates, franchises and/or licenses more than 11,800 stores in North America"}
{"id": "doc6285", "text": "Greeting card and stationery company Schurman Fine Papers is shutting down its retail store operations."}
{"id": "doc6286", "text": "The parent company of the Papyrus, American Greetings and Carlton Card store chains has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with plans to close all its 254 locations in the U.S. and Canada during the next four to six weeks. However, cards from the brands will still be sold by other retailers."}
{"id": "doc6287", "text": "In its filing, Schurman cited “the general downturn in the brick-and-mortar retail industry.” It also cited overexpansion during the 2007-2009 recession and the fact that it was forced to refurbish and close a large number of underperforming stores that it acquired from American Greetings Corp. in 2009."}
{"id": "doc6288", "text": "According to its filing, the company currently has assets of $39.4 million and liabilities of $54.9 million. "}
{"id": "doc6289", "text": "Greeting cards have been in a slump for the past several years as more and more consumers opt for digital options over paper ones. Retail space occupied by greeting card stores fell by more than 27% from 2013 to 2018, according to CoStar Group."}
{"id": "doc6290", "text": "Schurman was founded by Marcel and Margrit Schurman in 1950 as an importer and wholesaler of greetings cards and stationery in the U.S., eventually expanding from a wholesale distributor to a retailer. In 2009, the company sold off its wholesale business, including the Papyrus brand, to American Greetings while taking on American Greetings retail store division."}
{"id": "doc6291", "text": "In a statement on its Facebook page, Papyrus said that we hope that through our artistic, thoughtful greeting cards and personal expression products that we were able to inspire you to celebrate and honor the special people in your lives."}
{"id": "doc6292", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6293", "text": "Upscale stationery and gifts retailer Papyrus is closing up shop."}
{"id": "doc6294", "text": "The company, which is owned by Schurman Retail Group, is reportedly closing all locations. Papyrus once had more than 450 U.S. stores, but has been closing locations in recent years. The company now operates some 260 stores."}
{"id": "doc6295", "text": "Schurman Retail Group has not issued a statement on the closures. According to the Chicago Tribune, employees were notified last week that all stores were expected to close in the next four to six weeks, with liquidation sales already underway in stores and online. As of Tuesday afternoon, the Papyrus website was holding its half-yearly sale, with discounts up to 70%, and a 20% discount on all non-sale items. The site also featured a note that said that all sales are final."}
{"id": "doc6296", "text": "Founded in 1950 as an importer of European paper products, Schurman is now comprised of several retail brands, including Papyrus, American Greetings, Carlton Cards, Niquea.D and Paper Destiny, according to its website."}
{"id": "doc6297", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliance saw its shares pop on Tuesday after reports that it is exploring going private. "}
{"id": "doc6298", "text": "The drug-store giant has held preliminary discussions with some of the world’s largest private equity firms about putting together what would be the biggest ever leveraged buyout, Reuters reported. Walgreens, which has a market value of more than $55 billion, operates Walgreens in the U.S. and Boots pharmacies in the U.K. and Europe."}
{"id": "doc6299", "text": "The report comes amid increased competition in the drug store and consumer health care space. Walgreens’ rival CVS Health, which last year bought Aetna, the nation’s third largest health insurance company, is rolling out new formats with a health-and-wellness focus. In September, Walmart opened its first freestanding facility dedicated to health care. "}
{"id": "doc6300", "text": "Walgreens has selected investment bank Evercore Partners Inc. to explore whether a deal can be put together, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc6301", "text": "To read the full Reuters story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc6302", "text": "LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vitton’s bid to acquire Tiffany & Co. has reached a new stage."}
{"id": "doc6303", "text": "The French luxury goods conglomerate raised its bid to acquire the U.S. jewelry retailer to close to $16 billion, or about $130 per share, reported Reuters. Tiffany agreed to provide LVMH with access to its books after the French company raised its bid, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc6304", "text": "In September, Tiffany received an unsolicited, non-binding proposal from LMVH for $120 per share in cash. Tiffany rebuffed the offer, which valued the chain at nearly $14.5 billion, which many analysts believed was too low. "}
{"id": "doc6305", "text": "Tiffany plans to continue to negotiate for a better offer, and there is no certainty a deal will be reached, Reuters said. "}
{"id": "doc6306", "text": "The bid comes as the 182-year-old Tiffany, which has more than 300 stores around the world, is challenged with lackluster sales amid a slowdown in tourism and a dip in purchases by Chinese customers. "}
{"id": "doc6307", "text": "LVMH is the worlds biggest luxury group, and home to 75 different brands. Its portfolio includes fashion brands such as Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, Givenchy, Fendi and Marc Jacob and more. Its jewelry brands include Bulgari, Fred Hublot and Tag Heuer."}
{"id": "doc6308", "text": "Don’t be left out! Join colleagues and peers at the premier event for brick-and-mortar retail, SPECS 2020 in Dallas."}
{"id": "doc6309", "text": "Exclusively produced by Chain Store Age, SPECS brings together leading retailers and solution providers that are involved in the planning, design, construction and maintenance of stores, restaurants and specialty concepts."}
{"id": "doc6310", "text": "SPECS, now in its 56th year, will be held March 15-17, 2020, at the Gaylord Texan in Dallas. The event combines rich content, with dynamic keynotes, breakout sessions and interactive workshops, with plenty of networking opportunities. With its laser focus on brick-and-mortar, SPECS offers a forum designed to cultivate relationship-building and problem-solving."}
{"id": "doc6311", "text": "For more information and to register for SPECS, click here. Or contact Melissa Murphy at 212-756-5059, [email protected] "}
{"id": "doc6312", "text": "Almost half of consumers have used voice search to search for products in the past month."}
{"id": "doc6313", "text": "According to consumer survey data exclusively provided to Chain Store Age by The Manifest, 48% of respondents have searched for products with a voice-enabled device such as their phone or a smart speaker in the previous 30 days. The most popular product categories for voice search are:"}
{"id": "doc6314", "text": "•    Electronics (22%)•    Clothing (19%)•    Accessories (e.g., shoes, bags, jewelry, belts) (16%)•    Business services (16%)•    Health & beauty products (15%)•    Books (11%)"}
{"id": "doc6315", "text": "In additional published findings, the survey found more than half of voice search users (53%) use it at least once a week. People are more likely to use voice search to search for products, services, and information (60%) than to communicate with other people (20%) or issue commands (20%). "}
{"id": "doc6316", "text": "The top three types of information people use voice search to find out include facts such as trivia and term definitions (62%), the weather (46%), and the news (32%). "}
{"id": "doc6317", "text": "The survey also found that different age groups use voice search differently: Interestingly, voice search users ages 35 and older (64%) are more likely to use voice search to search for products/services than younger users ages 18-34 (47%). Meanwhile, younger voice search users ages 18-34 are the most likely to use voice search to issue commands (30%), compared to users ages 35 and older (17%). "}
{"id": "doc6318", "text": "The Manifest surveyed 501 U.S. residents who use voice search with a voice-enabled device. "}
{"id": "doc6319", "text": "The Fresh Market is appointing a 35-year industry veteran as chief merchandising officer."}
{"id": "doc6320", "text": "The fresh-focused specialty grocer has named Dan Portnoy as chief merchandising officer, reporting to president and CEO Larry Appel. Portnoy brings more than 35 years of experience in food retail merchandising and marketing, having been chief merchandising & marketing officer at Winn-Dixie Stores and president and CEO at Kings Super Markets/Balduccis Markets. He has also held prior leadership positions at beverage company Cott Corporation and private brand development firm Daymon Worldwide."}
{"id": "doc6321", "text": "In addition to serving on the senior leadership team, Portnoy will have The Fresh Markets merchandising directors, as well as group VP of merchandise operations Lance Twitty, reporting to him. "}
{"id": "doc6322", "text": "Portnoy received his MBA in marketing and consumer research from Baruch College, and his bachelor of science in finance & statistics from Babson College. "}
{"id": "doc6323", "text": "I believe Dan to be one of the brightest and most creative merchants in the industry, said Larry Appel, CEO at The Fresh Market. He possesses both a strong understanding of our specialty brand and the business acumen to deliver results. With Dan at the helm of our merchandising team, I am confident that we will achieve our vision of being the premier fresh-focused specialty food retailer."}
{"id": "doc6324", "text": "The Fresh Market currently operates 160 stores in 22 states across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc6325", "text": "rue21 has named two new additions to its senior leadership. "}
{"id": "doc6326", "text": "The fast-fashion teen retailer appointed Catherine Cat Morisano as chief merchandising officer. She succeeds Karen Pinney, who has left rue 21 in what the company termed a mutual agreement."}
{"id": "doc6327", "text": "Morisano was most recently executive VP and chief merchant at Charlotte Russe. Prior to that, she was VP of merchandising/GMM at Fashion Nova."}
{"id": "doc6328", "text": "In addition, rue 21 tapped Mary Blodgett as senior VP, stores. She succeeds Dirk Armstrong who has left the company."}
{"id": "doc6329", "text": "Most recently, Blodgett served as senior VP of stores for Charming Charlie. Prior to Charming Charlie, she was VP of stores for The Body Shop International; executive VP of stores for TABI; zone VP Northeast for Victorias Secret and senior VP of stores for Ann Taylor. "}
{"id": "doc6330", "text": "Both Morisano and Blodgett will report to Michael C. Appel, chairman and CEO of rue 21, which operates 697 stores in 45 states. Appel, who took the reins of the company in November 2018, has focused his efforts on strengthening the senior management team."}
{"id": "doc6331", "text": "The Home Depot has been recognized for its efforts to reduce its environmental impact and build a more sustainable future for consumers."}
{"id": "doc6332", "text": "CDP, an environmental impact non-profit, named The Home Depot to its Climate Change A List. (Thousands of companies disclose data about their environmental impacts to CDP annually for independent assessment and receive scores ranging from A to D-  for how effectively they are tackling climate risks and building toward a future zero-carbon economy.) "}
{"id": "doc6333", "text": "Our results come from making improvements kilowatt by kilowatt,” said Ron Jarvis, VP of environmental, Home Depot. “Weve retrofitted LED lighting in more than 1,300 stores, installed energy-efficient heating, air-conditioning and ventilation systems in 133 stores, and have updated HVAC units in 467 stores.”"}
{"id": "doc6334", "text": "As a result of these initiatives, from 2010 to 2018, energy consumption at Home Depot’s U.S. stores decreased 26% , ahead of its stated goal for a 20% reduction by 2020."}
{"id": "doc6335", "text": "We constantly strive to improve the sustainability of our operations, because its good for our business and good for the planet,” Jarvis said. "}
{"id": "doc6336", "text": "The Home Depot is focused on reducing carbon emissions by continually improving energy efficiency in its operations and expanding investments in renewable and alternative energy. As a result, the company has reduced absolute carbon emissions by over 3 million metric tons since 2009. This was achieved amid significant growth – from $66 billion in sales in 2008 to $108 billion in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc6337", "text": "The retailer also set science-based targets in 2018 to achieve a 40%  reduction in its carbon emissions by 2030 and a 50% reduction by 2035. "}
{"id": "doc6338", "text": "The Home Depot has also taken steps to lessen the environmental impact of each mile its goods travel with the companys multiyear supply chain synchronization initiative. This approach incorporates and builds on clean transportation best practices throughout its supply chain. In 2018, the company shrank its supply chain emissions intensity by 6%, reducing the carbon dioxide produced for each unit consumed.  "}
{"id": "doc6339", "text": "The company also eliminated over 117,000 truckloads in the U.S. in 2018 through supply chain efficiencies, and leverages green technologies like hydrogen fuel cells, which produce off-the-grid power, within its supply chain operations. "}
{"id": "doc6340", "text": "In addition, The Home Depot is tracking ahead of stated goals to help customers cut greenhouse gas emissions by 20 million metric tons through 2020. The company offers more than 22,000 Energy Star products in stores and online, and sold more than 231 million units of these products, advancing its goal to help customers save $2.8 billion in energy costs."}
{"id": "doc6341", "text": "The dragon has landed — at least for the time being."}
{"id": "doc6342", "text": "Warner Bros. announced that it will open the first official Harry Potter flagship store,  at 935 Broadway in Manhattan, next to the iconic Flatiron building. Opening in summer 2020, the store will house the largest collection of Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts products in the world under one roof. The assortment will range from personalized wizards’ robes to a new line of house wands with a design exclusive to the New York location."}
{"id": "doc6343", "text": "Spanning three floors, the 20,000-sq.-ft.-plus space will provide fans with a number of exciting retail experiences that evoke the magic of the Wizarding World, promised Warner Bros."}
{"id": "doc6344", "text": "This will be the largest dedicated Harry Potter store in the world and will become a must-visit fan destination where Harry Potter enthusiasts can engage with interactive experiences and numerous photo opportunities as they step into the magic,” said Sarah Roots, senior VP worldwide tours and retail, Warner Bros."}
{"id": "doc6345", "text": "The announcement comes just days after members of the local community boards landmarks committee said the design ideas represent “inappropriate signage, and voted to recommend against approval. Their objections focused on the addition of a dragon made out of fiberglass, two backlit Harry Potter signs and six flagpoles designed to look like wands to the building’s façade."}
{"id": "doc6346", "text": "In its official announcement, Warner Bros. included renderings of the store that show the dragon on the façade. But it noted that “store imagery is not final and subject to change.”"}
{"id": "doc6347", "text": "Harry Potter New York will be part of an expanding portfolio of Warner Bros. owned Wizarding World experiences that include Warner Bros. Studio Tour London – The Making of Harry Potter and Platform 9 ¾ retail shops. "}
{"id": "doc6348", "text": "Genesco is naming a veteran legal executive with automotive and retail experience to serve as general counsel."}
{"id": "doc6349", "text": "The global specialty retailer has appointed Scott E. Becker as senior VP, general counsel, and corporate secretary of the company, effective Oct. 23, 2019. He succeeds Roger Sisson, who retired from Genesco earlier this year."}
{"id": "doc6350", "text": "Becker joins Genesco with more than 30 years of legal, financial and administrative leadership experience. He comes to Genesco from Nissan Group of North America and Latin America, where since 2006 he served in a variety of roles with increasing responsibility. Since 2009, he was a senior VP with responsibilities for Nissans legal, government affairs, finance, strategy and administration. "}
{"id": "doc6351", "text": "During this time, he served on the executive management committee and as a member of the boards of directors of Nissan North America Inc., Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation (NMAC), Nissan Canada Inc., and Nissan do Brasil. Beckers responsibilities included oversight for all legal affairs and government relations for Nissan in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Latin America. In addition, he served as lead administrative and financial officer for the region. From 2006 to 2009, he served as Nissans general counsel, corporate secretary and VP, legal and government affairs."}
{"id": "doc6352", "text": "Becker joined Nissan from Sears Holdings Corp., where he served in various legal roles from 2000 to 2006. He began his legal career with several Chicago area law firms."}
{"id": "doc6353", "text": "Scott brings a wealth of legal, financial and strategic experience to the Genesco senior executive team,” said Robert J. Dennis, Genesco chairman, president and CEO. “His broad background and leadership as a chief legal officer coupled with his global experience, especially in the areas of corporate securities, mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance and compliance, real estate, labor and employment, and litigation, will be valuable strategic assets to the company as we build upon Genescos recent success and drive future value as a footwear-focused company."}
{"id": "doc6354", "text": "Genesco Inc. is a Nashville-based specialty retailer with more than 1,490 retail stores throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and the Republic of Ireland, principally under the names Journeys, Journeys Kidz, Schuh, Schuh Kids, Little Burgundy, and Johnston & Murphy."}
{"id": "doc6355", "text": "There’s a new player dedicated to a very niche segment of the jewelry market: ear piercing."}
{"id": "doc6356", "text": "Studs has launched nationwide online and also opened its first brick-and-mortar location, Studs Studio, in downtown New York. The fledgling company plans to expand its physical presence to additional locations in 2020."}
{"id": "doc6357", "text": "Studs was created to modernize the traditional “mall piercing” experience, according to co-founder and CEO Anna Harman, who most recently served as interim chief customer officer at Walmart’s Jet Black, a text-message based personal shopping service. Prior to that, she was a director at Store No. Eight, an incubator inside Walmart."}
{"id": "doc6358", "text": "According to Harman, Studs prioritizes healthy and safe needle piercing in a fun and bold space, and offers a trend-driven jewelry selection. The new concept is designed to offer the best of two models: traditional mall brands that offer piercing services and local tattoo parlors, combining ear piercing services with omnichannel retail operations and a wide assortment of curated earscapes (personalized combinations of piercings and earrings that customers can mix and match to create their own look), single earrings and collections."}
{"id": "doc6359", "text": "Piercing at Studs costs a flat fee of $35 for one hole and $50 for two. The price range for piercing jewelry is $30 to $180 per earring. The fashion jewelry assortment ranges from $14 to $175 per single earring."}
{"id": "doc6360", "text": "“There’s a lack of brands in the piercing and retail landscape that prioritize healthy needle piercing, offer a trend-driven product assortment and accessible pricing,” said Harman. “By having a singular focus on the ear piercing experience from start to finish, we’re confident that Studs can close the gap and deliver a service not only centered around ear piercing, but optimized for every possible need related to either piercing or jewelry in a way that no other brand is doing today,” "}
{"id": "doc6361", "text": "The company also announced $3 million in funding led by First Round Capital with participation from Lerer Hippeau, as well as additional angel investors. Financing will be used for building retail locations, enhancing the e-commerce experience and expanding the Studs team."}
{"id": "doc6362", "text": "“With the increasing demand for multiple piercings and jewelry styles becoming particularly trendy amongst this age demographic, tattoo parlors, which can be intimidating, expensive and limited in selection, have become more or less the default,” said Hayley Barna, partner at First Round. “This is a unique investment for First Round and we couldn’t be more excited to be breaking into the space with a brand that is so tapped into the mind of today’s consumer and ready to deliver to their high standards and ever-changing needs.”"}
{"id": "doc6363", "text": "Two jewelers are sharing the same roof. "}
{"id": "doc6364", "text": "Jared opened a new concept store in collaboration with digitally native James Allen. The store, at Francis Scott Key Mall in Frederick, Md., combines the best of the two retailers, both of which are owned by Signet Jewelers Ltd.’s portfolio."}
{"id": "doc6365", "text": "Jared is known for its professional diamond consultants and personalized service. James Allen is one of the largest online diamond and bridal jewelry retailers, with a collection of more than 250,000 independently certified high-quality loose diamonds in every popular shape and carat weight."}
{"id": "doc6366", "text": "“Our collaboration with James Allen allows Jared the opportunity to create a new and richer experience for our customers and create a modern environment for jewelry shopping,” said Bill Brace, CMO of Signet and executive general manager of Jared. "}
{"id": "doc6367", "text": "The Jared x James Allen outpost is designed to provide a modern, elevated omnichannel shopping experience, one that is warm and relaxed and where customers feel comfortable shopping at their own pace. It includes a hands-on product experience that encourages bridal customers to “touch and try on” at the James Allen “gathering table.” A wide range of engagement ring samples, stone replicas and settings enable shoppers to find their ideal style."}
{"id": "doc6368", "text": "In a switch from traditional jewelry displays, the display cases open in the front, allowing shoppers to walk around the case for a full view from all angles. Associates work side by side with customers rather than the traditional “behind the case” position.  Customers can also get a coffee or treat at the in-store coffee bar."}
{"id": "doc6369", "text": "Signet Jewelers Lis the worlds largest retailer of diamond jewelry. Signet operates approximately 3,300 stores primarily under the name brands of Kay Jewelers, Zales, Jared The Galleria of Jewelry, H. Samuel, Ernest Jones, Peoples, Piercing Pagoda, and JamesAllen.com."}
{"id": "doc6370", "text": "“This is pretty shocking,” announced the anchor on the local Eyewitness News broadcast in Connecticut recently. “Stores actually opened at a new mall in Norwalk.”"}
{"id": "doc6371", "text": "The SoNo Collection, so named because it actually resides in the upscale suburb of South Norwalk, is a brand new “contemporary shopping experience,” from Brookfield Properties that brings Nordstrom and Bloomingdales to Southern Connecticut."}
{"id": "doc6372", "text": "The 700,000-sq.-ft. center is indeed an enclosed mall, situated at the intersection of I-95 and Highway 7, where 167,000 cars pass daily, according to Brookfield. The population numbers 600,000 in contiguous ZIP codes surrounding SoNo. Median age is 39 and average household income is $147,000."}
{"id": "doc6373", "text": "Among the 90 tenants are Arhaus, H&M, Pink, Talbot’s, White Barn Candle, and Zara. Ebar and Bazille inside Nordstrom are the only eateries open as yet, but coming soon are Yard House, Pinstripes, Mission Ceviche, and several others. "}
{"id": "doc6374", "text": "Live musical performances, Selfies with Santa, and complimentary holiday photos courtesy of Bloomingdales are on the events calendar for SoNo’s first holiday shopping season.  "}
{"id": "doc6375", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets has opened its first-ever location in New York City."}
{"id": "doc6376", "text": "The Rochester, N.Y.-based, family-owned grocer with a dedicated following opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn – formerly the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The store has a European open-air market look and feel and features nearly 50,000 items, more than 2,000 of which are organic. A total of about 540 employees were hired for the site."}
{"id": "doc6377", "text": "The extensive food service are prepared by a culinary staff of 157 and include everything from fresh sushi, authentic Italian pizza, and  burgers, to made-to-order salads and hot soup. The food bars are mix and match, with hot and cold self-serve stations featuring entrees and sides, international cuisine, homestyle and vegetarian options – all available for takeout or in-store dining. "}
{"id": "doc6378", "text": "The space includes a second-floor mezzanine with a café serving food. The café has space for nearly 100 and includes a bar serving wine, beer, cocktails and snacks."}
{"id": "doc6379", "text": "Brooklyn is Wegmans’  47th location in New York State, with another one upcoming in Westchester County, in the town of Harrison. The company operates a total of 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc6380", "text": "Foot Locker reported stronger-than-expected third quarter earnings amid rising same-store sales."}
{"id": "doc6381", "text": "The athletic shoe and accessories retailer reported that its net income fell to $125 million, or $1.16 a share, from $130 million, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, or $1.14 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share came to $1.13, above analysts’ estimates of $1.08. (Foot Locker  missed analysts’ earnings expectations for the previous two quarters.)"}
{"id": "doc6382", "text": "Net sales rose 3.9% to $1.93 billion from $1.86 billion, just missing estimates of $1.94 billion. Same-store sales increased 5.7% better than expected."}
{"id": "doc6383", "text": "Gross margin increased to 32.1% from 31.6%, and inventories slipped 0.1% to $1.30 billion.  "}
{"id": "doc6384", "text": "Foot Locker’s ongoing series of investments in innovative, digital-first and start-up companies continued in the quarter.  In September, the company made a $3 million strategic investment in NTWRK, a youth-oriented e-commerce and content platform that offers live video shopping and programming via its mobile app or web store. Also in September, the company announced the launch of an innovation and incubation initiative, called Greenhouse, help fuel emerging brands."}
{"id": "doc6385", "text": "“We are pleased with our performance in the quarter, which reflects the success of our strategic focus on building even deeper connections with our customers and further strengthening relationships with our vendors, said Richard Johnson, chairman and CEO. Across the company, we are making great strides in implementing our four strategic imperatives, which are designed to ensure we are best positioned to compete in the retail marketplace by inspiring and empowering youth culture while also strengthening our bottom line and driving value for our shareholders.”"}
{"id": "doc6386", "text": "During the third quarter, the retailer opened 11 new stores, remodeled or relocated 34 stores, and closed 25 stores. As of November 2, Foot Locker operated 3,160 stores in 27 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. In addition, 128 franchised Foot Locker stores were operating in the Middle East, as well as 10 franchised Runners Point stores in Germany."}
{"id": "doc6387", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6388", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6389", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6390", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6391", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6392", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6393", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6394", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6395", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6396", "text": "Foot Locker will add hot dogs to the mix at its Los Angeles flagship."}
{"id": "doc6397", "text": "To celebrate the launch of the Jordan Rivals footwear and apparel collection, the athletic footwear retailer will open a pop-up restaurant inside its flagship at Hollywood & Highland, Hollywood, Calif. The new collection is inspired by Michael Jordans most notable basketball rivals and features bold colorways and a retro style."}
{"id": "doc6398", "text": "The store will open a pick-up window, dubbed “Rivals Café,” serving signature sandwiches and hot dogs associated with the culinary histories of Los Angeles and Chicago. The pop-up, powered by food and drink blog Foodbeast, will be available to Foot Locker customers purchasing pieces from the Jordan Rivals line. "}
{"id": "doc6399", "text": "The pop-up will be open for two weekends, Thursday-Sunday, starting Oct. 24-27 and again Oct. 31-Nov. 3."}
{"id": "doc6400", "text": "Foot Locker Inc. is officially rolling out its new unified FLX membership program in North America."}
{"id": "doc6401", "text": "Members of FLX receive rewards for shopping and engaging across all six U.S. Foot Locker brands - Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Footaction, and Eastbay. FLX, which has already launched in select European countries and will continue to expand to additional Foot Locker global regions, is free to join and offers free shipping on all orders with no minimums, although some exclusions may apply."}
{"id": "doc6402", "text": "Members will earn 100 “XPoints” loyalty points per dollar spent in-store and online at all Foot Locker brands, and can also earn points by completing online activities such as surveys, shopping preferences, and connecting social media accounts. The program has three membership tiers: X1, X2 and X3, each providing additional benefits. Existing higher tier members of Foot Lockers legacy programs will receive 2,000 or 3,000 XPoints respectively, dependent on tier when migrating their membership account to FLX."}
{"id": "doc6403", "text": "FLX also offers a centralized redemption center where members can redeem their XPoints for unique rewards. The center features exclusive experiences and offerings, with a user experience Foot Locker says it will update regularly. Other features include the ability to redeem points for “Head Starts” that can improve the chances of securing launch products via the Foot Locker, Footaction, and Champs Sports apps."}
{"id": "doc6404", "text": "I am so proud of our associates. An incredible amount of thoughtful planning has gone into building FLX, our new global membership program that continues to put our consumers top of mind, said Richard Johnson, chairman and CEO of Foot Locker Inc. FLX rewards our customers for engaging and shopping across our family of brands by giving them exclusive access to great experiences, unique offerings and our most coveted products."}
{"id": "doc6405", "text": "Hudson’s Bay Company has moved closer to being taken private."}
{"id": "doc6406", "text": "A special committee of the department store company’s board has reaffirmed its endorsement of a buyout of shares to take the company private by a group headed by executive chairman Richard Baker after receiving an updated valuation. The valuation was one of the conditions of a deal that was announced earlier this month."}
{"id": "doc6407", "text": "On Jan. 3, the Baler-led group, which owns 57% of Hudson’s Bay, upped his bid to take the company private to C$11 per share. The increased offer won the backing of dissenting minority shareholder Catalyst Group Inc., with the condition that TD Securities Inc. provide a new formal valuation of Hudsons Bay prior to a vote and that the lower end of the range of the fair market value of the HBC Shares is equal to or less than $11. (Catalyst owns about 17.5% of Hudson’s Bay.)"}
{"id": "doc6408", "text": "On January 27, Hudson’s Bay said the updated valuation determined that, as of that same date, the fair market value of the common shares of the company ranged between C$9.75 and C$12 per common share. TD Securities said that the payment to the common shareholders of HBC is fair, from a financial point of view, to such shareholders."}
{"id": "doc6409", "text": "“Accordingly, the special committee of the HBC Board of Directors has reaffirmed its unanimous recommendation to the board that the privatization transaction with a group of existing shareholders is in the best interests of the company and fair to the company’s other shareholders (the “Minority Shareholders”),” Hudson’s Bay stated in a release. The transaction will be voted on at special meeting of shareholders on Feb. 27. In order to pass, it will need at least 75% of the votes cast by all shareholders and at least a simple majority of votes by minority shareholders. "}
{"id": "doc6410", "text": "Hudson’s Bay’s leading banners across North America include Saks Fifth Avenue, Hudson’s Bay and Saks Off 5th. It also has significant investments in real estate joint ventures. It has partnered with Simon Property Group Inc. in the HBS Joint Venture, which owns properties in the United States. In Canada, it has partnered with RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust in the RioCan-HBC Joint Venture."}
{"id": "doc6411", "text": "The Catalyst Capital Group Inc.’s unsolicited bid for Hudson’s Bay Co. has been turned down."}
{"id": "doc6412", "text": "The special committee of the department store giant, whose holdings include Saks Fifth Avenue, said that the bid from Catalyst is not “superior” to an agreed-upon deal with a consortium led by Hudson’s executive chairman Richard Baker. The committee said it continued to recommend that minority shareholders vote for the special resolution approving the offer from the consortium. Last week, Catalyst, which owns about 17.5% of Hudson’s Bay, made an offer to buy Hudson’s Bay for C$11-per-share (US$8.29 per share) in deal that valued the retailer at C$2.03 billion ($1.53 billion).  The offer presented a challenge to an already agreed upon offer of C$1.9 billion ($1.5 billion) from the Baker-led group, which collectively owns 57% of the company’s shares."}
{"id": "doc6413", "text": "Catalyst said in a statement that it filed for a hearing with the Ontario Securities Commission, seeking to prohibit the Baker group transaction and postpone the Dec. 17 vote. The Toronto-based investment firm is urging shareholders to vote against the Baker offer, saying it undervalues Hudson’s Bay. "}
{"id": "doc6414", "text": "The Baker group on Tuesday shot back at Catalyst in a letter to Hudson’s special committe, calling the offer an “illusory” bid that would leave the retailer with a big debt load."}
{"id": "doc6415", "text": "“Catalyst’s reckless financing plans would swiftly add the company to the long list of retailers that have been forced to close their doors, shed jobs and impact pensioners,” the letter stated. “Indeed, we question how the board or any financing source could ever be satisfied with the solvency of the company under Catalyst’s highly levered capital structure, which appears to be approximately 90% debt financed.” "}
{"id": "doc6416", "text": "Hudsons Bay Company has agreed to be taken private by a group of its shareholders after they upped their offer. "}
{"id": "doc6417", "text": "The group is headed up by Richard Baker, executive chairman of the Canadian department store company, and also includes Rhone Capital LLC, WeWork Property Advisors, Hanover Investments and Abrams Capital Management. The investors, who together own 57% of Hudson’s Bay, have agreed to pay C$10.30 ($7.84) a share in cash for shares outstanding. The offer represents an increase of 9% over the group’s initial proposal in June of $9.45 per share, which a special panel of Hudson’s Bay had deemed “inadequate.”"}
{"id": "doc6418", "text": "The new deal values the nearly 350-old retailer at $1.45 billion, according to Bloomberg. "}
{"id": "doc6419", "text": "Hudson’s Bay has been struggling to adjust to the evolving retail marketplace, closing underperforming locations and shedding some assets. In August, the company announced that it was selling its Lord & Taylor division to clothing rental subscription company Le Tote. Earlier, this month, it completed the sale of its European real estate and joint ventures."}
{"id": "doc6420", "text": "Founded in 1670, Hudson’s is the oldest company in North America. It operates more than 300 stores around the world, under such banners as Saks Fifth Avenue, Hudson’s Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Saks Off 5th."}
{"id": "doc6421", "text": "The company also has significant investments in joint ventures. It has partnered with Simon Property Group Inc. in the HBS Joint Venture, which owns properties in the United States. In Canada, it has partnered with RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust in the RioCan-HBC Joint Venture."}
{"id": "doc6422", "text": "A winter storm in the Northeast took a big bite out of shopping in stores during the holiday weekend."}
{"id": "doc6423", "text": "Store traffic for the 2019 Black Friday weekend (Thanksgiving Day through Sunday, Dec. 1) was down 4% compared to 2018. Store traffic on Saturday, Nov. 30, resulted in a 2.6% decrease and traffic on Sunday, Dec. 1, resulted in a 7.5% decrease, according to Sensormatic Solutions’ latest ShopperTrak recap."}
{"id": "doc6424", "text": "On Saturday, traffic increased 0.9% in the Northeast and decreased in all other regions, including Midwest (-10.1%), South (-1.2%) and West (-2.6%). On Sunday, traffic was down significantly by 30% in the Northeast and only down nominally in other regions, including Midwest (-1.4%), South (-3.8%) and West (-1.7%)."}
{"id": "doc6425", "text": "“The winter storm that hit most of the Northeast massively impacted in-store traffic patterns for the Thanksgiving weekend,” said Brian Field, senior director of global retail consulting for ShopperTrak. “The Saturday after Black Friday is always one of the busiest shopping days of the holiday season and, this year, shoppers in the Northeast came out in record numbers. Our results showed that many consumers in this region anticipated the storm and did most of their shopping on Saturday instead of Sunday this year.”"}
{"id": "doc6426", "text": "Sensormatic Solutions also looked at the effect of Cyber Monday on brick-and-mortar retail traffic on Monday and found that this year’s traffic increased 0.5%."}
{"id": "doc6427", "text": "“This year we saw an overall increase in store traffic on Cyber Monday,” said Field. “Our data historically indicates that Cyber Monday has little impact on in-store traffic. We attribute the uptick this year to some regional snowfall last year and the growing trend of buy online, pick up in store (BOPIS). Many consumers made their purchases online when stores were crowded and elected to pick them up on Monday when stores were not as busy.”"}
{"id": "doc6428", "text": "Sensormatic Solutions also analyzed traffic on Thanksgiving and Black Friday. After all data was tallied, the final results found that store traffic on Thanksgiving resulted in a 0.8% decrease and store traffic on Black Friday resulted in a 4.4% decrease. Data for the combined two-day period resulted in a 3.6% decline in traffic. A slight variation from what was originally reported, Black Friday remains the busiest holiday shopping day by a landslide."}
{"id": "doc6429", "text": "More information on the 2019 top busiest shopping days here: Top Busiest Holiday Shopping Days."}
{"id": "doc6430", "text": "Be prepared."}
{"id": "doc6431", "text": "According to Sensormatic Solutions’ ShopperTrak predictions, retailers should prepare for an influx of in-store traffic on Super Saturday, Dec. 21, which will rank as the second-busiest shopping day of the 2019 holiday season. The day after Christmas is also likely to be a big shopping day."}
{"id": "doc6432", "text": "“Saturdays in December consistently make our list of top busiest shopping days, but the one closest to Christmas, known as Super Saturday, has always been the busiest,” said Brian Field, senior director of global retail consulting for ShopperTrak. “In a shorter season the intensity of shopper traffic increases as you get closer to Christmas Eve.”"}
{"id": "doc6433", "text": "Field also noted that the day after Christmas, known as Boxing Day (Dec. 26) in some global regions, takes on more shopper traffic importance this year because it falls on a Thursday and many consumers will extend their time off during the holidays.  It’s expected to be the third-busiest day for retail shopper traffic. "}
{"id": "doc6434", "text": "“In fact, this is the first time since 2013 that we expect Boxing Day (Thursday), along with the Friday and Saturday after Christmas to all be in the top 10,” Field said. “All of these are post-Christmas days which extend the shopping calendar. These significant traffic days present retailers with yet another opportunity for more sales and gift card redemptions.”"}
{"id": "doc6435", "text": "Sensormatic Solutions is part of Johnson Controls’ portfolio. For more information on the 2019 top busiest shopping days, click here."}
{"id": "doc6436", "text": "Starbucks Coffee Company is opening its largest location ever, a 35,000-sq.-ft. location in Chicago, on Friday. "}
{"id": "doc6437", "text": "The new Starbucks Reserve Roastery, housed inside Crate & Barrel’s former flagship on Michigan Avenue, marks the company’s sixth location of its upscale roastery format, an experiential concept that specializes in premium small-batch roasting coffees. Designed to celebrate the company’s heritage, the roasting and craft of coffee and the locale, the five-floor Chicago outpost boasts three coffee bars, a cocktail bar and a bakery and cafe."}
{"id": "doc6438", "text": "“The design of the Chicago Roastery was inspired by the iconic Chicago landmark, and the city itself,” said Jill Enomoto, VP of Roastery design & concept for Starbucks. “We embraced the building’s natural light, married it with shades of classic Starbucks greens and intentionally wove in design features to encourage customer exploration and highlight the love and respect we have for coffee.”"}
{"id": "doc6439", "text": "Here are eight things to know about the new Roastery."}
{"id": "doc6440", "text": "• The Chicago Roastery is a working coffee roastery where Starbucks will small-batch roast the company’s rarest single-origin coffees and blends (Starbucks Reserve). The coffee roasted in Chicago will be served exclusively (in beverages or in bags) at the location. After being roasted, the coffee beans will rest and be de-gassed in the store’s centerpiece: a towering 56-ft.-tall steel and aluminum cask with a bronze finish. The cask has a perforated shell that allow visitors to watch roasted beans moving through tubes."}
{"id": "doc6441", "text": "• Encircling the cask is a curved escalator – the Midwest’s first – taking visitors from the first to the second floor and on a 360-degree tour of the roasting, brewing, and scooping below. The curved glass windows provide a view of Michigan Avenue."}
{"id": "doc6442", "text": "• The Roastery features murals from local artists, including a piece by Eulojio Ortega that unfolds in a staircase spanning all five floors. It depicts the journey of coffee from tree to cherry to harvest and is designed as a tribute to coffee-growing farmers. "}
{"id": "doc6443", "text": "Another mural, on the fourth floor is a visual “love letter” to the city of Chicago and its people, architecture, music, art, neighborhoods, lake, river – even its weather."}
{"id": "doc6444", "text": "• The three coffee bars include the main level Reserve coffee bar, where baristas turn out classic coffee beverages.  The third floor is home to the “experiential” coffee bar where customers have the opportunity to “immerse in the art, science, and theater of coffee.” It features elevated brew methods and pairings, as well as specialty Roastery beverages and brew comparison flights."}
{"id": "doc6445", "text": "The fourth floor is home to a “barrel-aged” coffee bar featuring a variety of spirit-free coffee beverages whose beans have been carefully aged in barrels. The menu includes cocktail-inspired coffee creations exclusive to the location. Also on the fourth floor is the Italian-inspired Arriviamo Bar, which offers traditional and unique cocktails."}
{"id": "doc6446", "text": "• The second-floor Princi bakery and café offers freshly-baked breads, cornetti and focaccia, pizza, cakes and tarts along with salads. Exclusive to the location is a bakery conveyor designed by Starbucks to transport fresh baked goods from the Princi bakery to the Starbucks Reserve Coffee Bar on the main level."}
{"id": "doc6447", "text": "• The Roastery Chicago is the only Starbucks location in the U.S. to offer on-demand liquid nitrogen gelato. Designed to pair with Starbucks Reserve coffee, the gelato is mixed by hand, with every scoop made on the spot."}
{"id": "doc6448", "text": "• All the Roasteries have iconic ceilings designed to support both the overall design as well as seamlessly incorporate functions such as acoustics, HVAC, Wi-Fi, and lighting. The ceiling in Chicago, with rings of outward spiraling shades of green, was designed to symbolize rays of sun touching rolling hills of green coffee trees. The shades of green were inspired by the agricultural nature of growing coffee. Illuminated ‘sunbeams’ radiate outward throughout the floors."}
{"id": "doc6449", "text": "The Chicago Roastery joins existing Roastery locations in Seattle, Shanghai, Milan, New York, and Tokyo. Additional locations have yet to be announced. "}
{"id": "doc6450", "text": "“These Roasteries amplify the Starbucks brand, serve as innovation hubs, and create experiences for millions of customers around the world,” said Kevin Johnson, CEO, Starbucks."}
{"id": "doc6451", "text": "J.C. Penney wasn’t able to stem the tide of declining same-store sales at department stores during the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc6452", "text": "The retailer reported that its same-store sales for the nine weeks ending Jan. 4, 2020 fell 7.5%. Adjusted comparable store sales, which exclude the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories, decreased 5.3%."}
{"id": "doc6453", "text": "Penney’s announcement came the same day that Kohl’s reported a 0.2% decline in holiday comparable sales and the day after Macy’s Inc. announced that its holiday same-store sales declined 0.6%, which was not as bad as analysts had forecast. "}
{"id": "doc6454", "text": "Despite the drop, Penney maintained its guidance for the full year, including a same-store sales decline in the range of 7% to 8%. Adjusted comparable store sales are expected to fall 5% to 6%."}
{"id": "doc6455", "text": "Penney will report its fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 results on Feb. 27, 2020."}
{"id": "doc6456", "text": "J.C. Penney put a positive spin on another tough quarter and even boosted its full-year profit outlook."}
{"id": "doc6457", "text": "The embattled department store chain reported that its net loss narrowed to $93 million, or 29 cents per share, in the quarter ended Nov. 3, from $151 million, or 48 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time charges, Penney lost 30 cents a share, which was less than the loss of 55 cents a share that analysts had expected.  "}
{"id": "doc6458", "text": "Sales fell 10.1% to $2.38 billion, missing expectations for $2.51 billion. "}
{"id": "doc6459", "text": "Same-store sales fell 9.3%. Adjusted same-store sales, excluding the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories online and at Penney stores, were down 6.6%, better than an expected drop of 7.7%."}
{"id": "doc6460", "text": "In a statement, Jill Soltau, who took the reins as Penney CEO about a year ago, said the chain made “significant progress on our efforts to return J.C. Penney to sustainable, profitable growth” during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc6461", "text": "“We are beginning to see results – both in our numbers and how we operate as a business – from the early implementation of our Plan for Renewal, which is focused on driving traffic, offering compelling merchandise, providing an engaging experience, fueling growth, and building a results-minded culture,” she said."}
{"id": "doc6462", "text": "Penney recently unveiled a new store concept, in Hurst, Texas, that offers a more modern and experiential shopping experience, complete with a fitness studio, a barber and café. A more streamlined layout makes the store easier and more convenient to shop."}
{"id": "doc6463", "text": "“Everything from the logo to the layout has been revamped and the result is a modern shopping experience that is both inspiring and engaging,” commented Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. "}
{"id": "doc6464", "text": "But he noted that the new concept is such a radical departure from the JC Penney of old, that rolling it out across the chain would be “incredibly expensive.”"}
{"id": "doc6465", "text": "“We doubt that J.C. Penney has the financial muscle or capital to embark on such an ambitious program,” he said. (For more commentary, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc6466", "text": "Penney raised its expectation for adjusted earnings to now exceed $475 million for full-year fiscal 2019, up from its previous range of $440 million to $475 million. It still expects same-store sales to be down 7% to 8%."}
{"id": "doc6467", "text": "Chico’s FAS saw top- and bottom-line losses in its third quarter but still managed to beat Street estimates."}
{"id": "doc6468", "text": "The retailer lost $8.1 million, or 7 cents a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, compared to a profit of $6.5 million, or 5 cents a share, a year ago. Adjusting for one-time charges, the company reported a net loss of $4.6 million, or 4 cents a share. On average, analysts expected a loss of 6 cents a share."}
{"id": "doc6469", "text": "A $2.1 million in charges related to the right-sizing of Chico’s stores and $2.8 million in severance paid to former employees were among the one-time costs that cut into Chico’s quarterly profit.  "}
{"id": "doc6470", "text": "Net sales fell to $484.7 million from nearly $500 million last year. Analysts had expected revenue of $473.2 million."}
{"id": "doc6471", "text": "Total same-store sales were down 2.2%. By brand, same-store sales fell 3.6% at Chico’s and 5.7% at White House | Black Market. But same-store sales jumped 11.3% at the company’s intimates brand, Soma, on top of 10.9% growth last quarter. It was Soma’s fifth consecutive quarter of growth."}
{"id": "doc6472", "text": "During the quarter, Soma held its 15th anniversary sale, which attracted 60,000 new customers to the brand in two days, executives said on Chico’s quarterly earnings call with analysts. "}
{"id": "doc6473", "text": "“We have strategically invested in marketing, at Soma, which has helped generate growth in both new and existing customers,” said Mary van Praag, president of the intimates group, on Chico’s quarterly earnings call. “In particular, we’ve been very successful with our digital, paid social and public relations efforts to build the awareness of the brand in the minds of consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc6474", "text": "In January, Chico’s announced it planned to close 250 stores during the next three years and target digital growth. As of Nov. 2, the company owned and operated 1,373 stores in the U.S. and Canada. It also sold merchandise through 89 international locations in Mexico and two domestic franchise airport stores. "}
{"id": "doc6475", "text": "On the call with analysts, Bonnie Brooks, Chico’s CEO and president, attributed the better-than-expected results in the third quarter to several factors, and said the company is making significant progress on its strategic initiatives designed to improve its merchandise, customer experience and its bottom line and value to shareholders."}
{"id": "doc6476", "text": "I am pleased with our progress this quarter as evidenced by our results, Brooks said. I firmly believe the company is on the  right course and that changes we are making to the business overall will reposition Chicos FAS for a sustainable, profitable financial performance, not just for the short-term, but the longer-term future, and deliver enhanced shareholder value."}
{"id": "doc6477", "text": "Brooks, who took the helm of Chico’s in the second quarter, has been reorganizing the company’s corporate structure. Three senior vice presidents, all with extensive experience in retail with such companies as Gap Athleta, J. Jill, and Anthropology, have been brought on board to oversee the design and merchandising functions at each of Chicos’ three brands."}
{"id": "doc6478", "text": "Victoria’s Secret is going private. And the retail industry is losing its longest-serving chief executive."}
{"id": "doc6479", "text": "L Brands confirmed it is selling the majority (55%) stake in struggling Victorias Secret (including the Pink brand and Victorias Secret Beauty) to private equity firm Sycamore Partners for about $525 million. L Brands will retain a 45% minority stake in the company. Under the terms of the transaction, Victorias Secret has a total enterprise value of $1.1 billion."}
{"id": "doc6480", "text": "The deal means that L Brands will now be responsible only for running its other division, Bath & Body Works, which has been outperforming Victoria’s Secret for some time. Once the transaction closes, L Brands CEO Les Wexner, 82, will step down from his post, staying on as chairman emeritus. "}
{"id": "doc6481", "text": "Wexner, a pioneer of mall-based specialty store retailing and L Brands largest shareholder, is the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company. He opened his first store, The Limited, in 1963, and went on to grow a global retail empire. In 1982, Wexner bought Victorias Secret, a small lingerie chain on the verge of bankruptcy, for $1 million."}
{"id": "doc6482", "text": "Most recently, he has come under scrutiny for his ties to the late financier Jeffrey Epstein, who was indicted on sex-trafficking charges,  and the performance of Victoria’s Secret, whose sales have been declining since 2017.  The chain has been criticized for being out of touch with changing consumer tastes amid new competitors that stress diversity and inclusivity. "}
{"id": "doc6483", "text": "“Les Wexner is a retail legend who has built incredible brands that are household names around the globe,” Allan Tessler, lead independent board director, L Brands."}
{"id": "doc6484", "text": "His leadership through this transition exemplifies his commitment to further growth of Bath & Body Works and Victoria’s Secret and driving overall shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc6485", "text": "L Brands said it plans to use the proceeds of the deal to pay down debt."}
{"id": "doc6486", "text": "“We believe this structure will allow Bath & Body Works – which represents the vast majority of 2019 consolidated operating income – to continue to achieve strong growth and receive its appropriate market valuation,” Wexner said. We believe the separation of Victoria’s Secret Lingerie, Victoria’s Secret Beauty and Pink into a privately held company provides the best path to restoring these businesses to their historic levels of profitability and growth. Sycamore, which has deep experience in the retail industry and a superior track record of success, will bring a fresh perspective and greater focus to the business.”"}
{"id": "doc6487", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that the sale could have avoided if L Brands had taken decisive action on Victorias Secret a long time ago. "}
{"id": "doc6488", "text": "That it didn’t cost the company what was once a key brand and has diminished its sale value, he said. Ultimately, that is the price of being asleep in a market that has become more woke.  For more analysis, click here. "}
{"id": "doc6489", "text": "Upon the close of the transaction, Andrew Meslow, currently COO of Bath & Body Works, will become CEO of L Brands and will join its board. Meslow, who joined L Brands in 2003, has 29 years of experience in the retail industry, the last 15 at Bath & Body Works."}
{"id": "doc6490", "text": "Nick Coe, the current CEO of Bath & Body Works, has been named vice chairman of Bath & Body Works brand strategy and new ventures. In Coe’s new role, he will focus more intently on the strategic position of the business, the evolution of the brand, product development and new ventures/acquisitions."}
{"id": "doc6491", "text": "“For nearly nine years, Nick and Andrew have been a powerful combination, driving the Bath & Body Works brand to more than $5 billion in sales with best-in-class profitability,” Wexner stated. “We are pleased to name Andrew as CEO of Bath & Body Works and have Nick step into this new, more focused role as the team propels the brand and business forward.”"}
{"id": "doc6492", "text": "Natural Life is looking to roll out its unusual store concept."}
{"id": "doc6493", "text": "With four corporate-owned locations in Florida, Natural Life announced it is expanding to a franchise business model.  Natural Life specializes in CBD products as well as holistic plants, including kava, kratom, turmeric, akuamma and more. Stores offer more than 300 products and carry over 20 brands. "}
{"id": "doc6494", "text": "Natural Life expects to have seven locations up and running by early this year, all located in Florida. Two of the new stores are expected to be franchised. Expansion plans include multiple markets in Florida, the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and the West Coast, including California."}
{"id": "doc6495", "text": "Founder Gabriel Suarez said he established Natural Life with the goal of helping those in need find alternatives to their ailments.  He noted that all products sold at Natural Life carry liability insurance, which he called unique in the CBD industry, and that all brands are compliant with all upcoming 2020 regulations. In addition, Natural Life does its own third-party lab testing, regardless if the manufacturer provides its own test results. “Consumers are looking for a shopping experience that they can trust, said Suarez. At Natural Life Franchise Corp., we set ourselves apart with our commitment to quality products that undergo third-party lab testing on a regular basis. Our employees all receive training on CBD."}
{"id": "doc6496", "text": "Overall, this was not a happy holiday for L Brands. Off the back of a flat holiday performance last year, group comparable sales fell by 4%. The underlying results, however, continue to point to a tale of two companies."}
{"id": "doc6497", "text": "Despite last year’s stellar results, when holiday comparable sales increased by 14%, Bath & Body Works helped itself to a 9% uplift this time around – with both stores and online contributing to growth. Unfortunately, this advancement was more than offset by a dismal set of numbers at Victoria’s Secret where holiday comparables tumbled by 12%."}
{"id": "doc6498", "text": "The reasons for the sharp difference between the two divisions could not be clearer."}
{"id": "doc6499", "text": "Across the entire holiday, Bath & Body Works put its best foot forward: it had strong seasonal ranges, loads of gifting ideas, and plenty of treats for consumers who wanted to indulge themselves. As ever, shops were bright and cheerful, and this helped to pull in passing traffic. There were also good deals across November and December which encouraged consumers to buy in volume. It would be unfair to say that Victoria’s Secret made no effort over the holidays. But that effort did not bear fruit because, as usual, marketing and merchandising were misplaced. Consumers were looking for cozy, but the brand delivered risqué. That meant many shoppers went elsewhere. In our view, this misalignment between what Victoria’s Secret stands for and what now consumers want is the central issue and is one that the company seems unable to get to grips with. Moving into 2020, it is clear that radical change is needed to get Victoria’s Secret back on track. However, given management’s record we are not at all confident this will be delivered in any meaningful way."}
{"id": "doc6500", "text": "Victoria’s Secret may be going private."}
{"id": "doc6501", "text": "L Brands, parent company of Victoria’s Secret and Bed, Bath & Body Works, is close to a deal to selling the troubled lingerie brand to private equity firm Sycamore Partners, reported CNBC. The deal could be announced this week, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc6502", "text": "Falling revenue at Victoria’s Secret has continued to take a toll on L Brands’ performance. The brand’s same-store sales fell 7% in its third quarter, compared to a 2% decrease in the year-ago period. Victoria’s Secret has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusion, and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. "}
{"id": "doc6503", "text": "In January, reports surfaced that Les Wexner, founder and chief executive of L Brands and the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company, may be stepping down from his post — and selling Victoria’s Secret."}
{"id": "doc6504", "text": "L Brands and Sycamore declined comment in the CNBC report. "}
{"id": "doc6505", "text": "Best Buy chief executive Corie Barry is staying put."}
{"id": "doc6506", "text": "The retailers board of directors announced that it has concluded its investigation into an anonymous allegation that Barry, prior to her becoming CEO, had a inappropriate relationship with a former Best Buy executive. In a short statement, the board said it supports her remaining as chief executive."}
{"id": "doc6507", "text": "“The Board takes allegations of misconduct seriously regardless of who is the subject,” the statement read. “When the Board received an anonymous letter regarding Corie Barry, the Audit Committee immediately retained outside legal counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, to conduct an independent review. Ms. Barry fully cooperated with the review, which has now concluded. The Board supports the continued leadership of the Company by Ms. Barry.”"}
{"id": "doc6508", "text": "Barry also released a statement:"}
{"id": "doc6509", "text": "“I appreciate the Board’s support and look forward to continuing to execute on our strategic vision to Build the New Blue: Chapter Two,” she said."}
{"id": "doc6510", "text": "Best Buy has not revealed the contents of the letter, which was also sent to several to several news organizations, including the Star Tribune. The letter writers said Barry should resign or the board should fire her. "}
{"id": "doc6511", "text": "Best Buy is entering the holiday selling season with reasons to celebrate."}
{"id": "doc6512", "text": "The nation’s largest electronics retailer said its income increased to $293 million, or $1.10 per share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $277 million, or 99 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings came to $1.13 per share compared with the $1.03 analysts were expecting."}
{"id": "doc6513", "text": "Total revenue increased to $9.76 billion, from $9.59 billion, topping analysts’ estimates of $9.70 billion.   Same-store sales rose 1.7%, more than expected, driven by sales of appliances, headphones, tablets, services and computing.  Domestic comparable online revenue rose 15% to $1.40 billion, primarily due to higher average order values. "}
{"id": "doc6514", "text": "Best Buy has successfully beaten back the challenge once posed to it by Amazon by aggressively expanding its own digital operations, increasing speed of deliveries, launching subscription-based repair and tech support services and enhancing its in-store experience. Looking more long-term, it has made a series of strategic investments in health and wellness technologies. "}
{"id": "doc6515", "text": "“Our teams delivered another strong quarter of top- and bottom-line growth,” said Corie Barry, who took the reins as CEO in June. “We are delivering on our purpose to enrich lives through technology by providing customers the products and solutions they want and need, combined with fast and convenient fulfillment.”"}
{"id": "doc6516", "text": "Barry said the company is excited about its holiday plans. In October, the retailer announced it will offer free next-day delivery in time for the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc6517", "text": "“Customers ordering online will get free next-day delivery on thousands of items all season long with no membership or minimum purchase required,” she noted. “They can also choose to pick up their products in a store within an hour of placing their order.” "}
{"id": "doc6518", "text": "Best Buy raised its annual forecast for adjusted earnings to $5.81 to $5.91 per share from a prior estimate of $5.60 to $5.75 per share. Analysts were expecting Best Buy to earn $5.74 per shares in 2020, excluding items. The company expects enterprise revenue of $43.2 billion to $43.6 billion, up from $43.1 billion to $43.6 billion. "}
{"id": "doc6519", "text": "The board of Best Buy Co. is investigating allegations that CEO Corrie Barry had an inappropriate romantic relationship with a fellow executive who has since left the retailer."}
{"id": "doc6520", "text": "According to various media reports, the action came after the board received an anonymous letter signed “We are Best Buy” that claimed to represent “a group of employees.”  The letter, dated Dec. 7, was also sent to several news organizations, including the Star Tribune. The letter writers said Barry should resign or the board should fire her.  "}
{"id": "doc6521", "text": "Best Buy has hired an outside counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, to conduct an investigation “that is ongoing,” it said in a statement."}
{"id": "doc6522", "text": "“Best Buy takes allegations of misconduct very seriously,” the company’s statement said. “We encourage the letter’s author to come forward and be part of that confidential process.”"}
{"id": "doc6523", "text": "In a statement, Barry said: “The Board has my full cooperation and support as it undertakes this review, and I look forward to its resolution in the near term.”"}
{"id": "doc6524", "text": "Barry, formerly Best Buy’s chief finance and strategic transformation officer, took the reins as CEO in June 2019, succeeding Hubert Joly, who  transitioned to the newly created position of executive chairman. She is the first woman ever to serve in the top role at Best Buy and one of just seven women to lead a Fortune 500 company."}
{"id": "doc6525", "text": "According to the Star Tribune, the letter said that Barry had a romantic relationship for years with Karl Sanft, whose final position at Best Buy was as a senior VP who oversaw retail store operations in the U.S. He left Best Buy in March and is now the COO of 24 Hour Fitness Worldwide Inc."}
{"id": "doc6526", "text": "The allegations were first reported by the Wall Street Journal. "}
{"id": "doc6527", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc6528", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6529", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc6530", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc6531", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc6532", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc6533", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6534", "text": "While many younger consumers have purchased groceries online, it is not their preferred destination when it comes to food shopping."}
{"id": "doc6535", "text": "That’s just one of the unexpected trends in grocery shopping habits revealed in a new survey from the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business. The study, which was authored by Diane Badame, indicated that online grocery shopping is not a primary grocery channel for the vast majority of Gen Z and millennial shoppers. "}
{"id": "doc6536", "text": "Gen Z households spend an average of only $85 per month purchasing groceries online, which equates to 15% of the $550 they spend monthly on groceries, according to the study. Millennial households tend to do more grocery shopping online, spending an average of $157 per month. But this is only 26% of the $615 they spend monthly on groceries, according to the study. "}
{"id": "doc6537", "text": "In-store retailers are preferred over online because they allow shoppers the control of choosing their own produce, cuts of meat, seafood, etc., the study found. This autonomy is such a meaningful factor to Gen Z and millennial shoppers that most respondents (71%) rated this as their favorite part of in-store grocery shopping, followed by the opportunity to discover new products (56%) and enjoying the overall experience that in-store retailers offer (41%)."}
{"id": "doc6538", "text": "As to what Gen Z and millennials dislike about in-store shopping, the crowds topped the list. Long checkouts and the journey of getting to the store – including commuting and parking – were drawbacks of shopping in-store. "}
{"id": "doc6539", "text": "The most important factors for both generations when selecting a grocery store are low prices, high-quality fresh foods, and cleanliness. The least important factors are stores’ recycling/sustainability practices, selection of ethnic and cultural foods, and selection of all-natural and organic products."}
{"id": "doc6540", "text": "Other findings from Marshall’s “Grocery Shopping Habits of Gen Z and Millennials” are below."}
{"id": "doc6541", "text": "• Among all Gen Z and millennial grocery shoppers, a majority like grocery shopping or do not mind grocery shopping (61% Gen Z, 59% millennials). Only a few Gen Z (16%) and millennials (17%) think of grocery shopping as a chore. And, even fewer (10%) among both groups would prefer not to grocery shop "}
{"id": "doc6542", "text": "• Seventy-two percent of Gen Z and millennials are not willing to spend more than 20 minutes to travel to their primary grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc6543", "text": "• Both Gen Z and millennials say in-store grocery shopping is fun. The number one reason respondents are unlikely to shop for groceries online is because they enjoy shopping in-store."}
{"id": "doc6544", "text": "• About one-half of Gen Z and millennials dislike online shopping’s high delivery fees and the inability to choose their own items, such as produce, meat, and seafood."}
{"id": "doc6545", "text": "• Most respondents (62% Gen Z, 61% millennials) do not subscribe to any food delivery programs, such as Blue Apron."}
{"id": "doc6546", "text": "The fear of a potential U.S. recession is having a real impact on how consumers will spend their money this season."}
{"id": "doc6547", "text": "That’s according to a report from retail analytics and price optimization firm Intelligence Node, which found that 49% of U.S. consumers plan to cut back on holiday spending (with 51% currently cutting back on spending overall for the seasonal time period) in preparation of a potential recession. Compounding the issue are new trade tariffs imposed by the Trump Administration on Chinese goods, specifically. "}
{"id": "doc6548", "text": "The Dec. 15 tariffs would impact items including video game consoles, computer monitors, Christmas decorations and more. Intelligence Node’s research found that existing tariffs are already impacting consumer spending, with 31% of consumers saying that new tariffs on goods from international markets have impacted their spending habits, and 35% saying they have noticed changes in the prices of products they frequently purchase following tariffs imposed on Chinese goods. "}
{"id": "doc6549", "text": "“Retailers will need to be more strategic than ever this year in order to win competitive sales to wary U.S. consumers,” said Sanjeev Sularia, CEO, Intelligence Node."}
{"id": "doc6550", "text": "Results also showed that, in the event of a recession, consumers are most likely to cut costs in the clothing, footwear and accessories, phones, laptops and tablets, and home décor categories. Some retailers will have it easier than others. Pet supplies, for example, is a category that consumers are less likely to cut back on in the event of a recession."}
{"id": "doc6551", "text": "In other highlights from the report:• Thirty-six percent of consumers will only buy their preferred brand when it’s on sale or when they have a coupon;"}
{"id": "doc6552", "text": "•     Seventy-two percent are likely or very likely to stray from their favorite brand to get a better price; "}
{"id": "doc6553", "text": "•     More than half of consumers price compare when shopping online; and"}
{"id": "doc6554", "text": "•     Sixty-eight percent say price-comparing has helped them save more on purchases than any other strategy.     "}
{"id": "doc6555", "text": "“Our data shows that brands cannot rely on consumer loyalty or having a superior product – consumers will always look at price and are not afraid to switch to another brand or offer if the price is better,” Sularia continued. “Consumers are constantly comparing prices before making purchases, meaning brands cannot afford to guess whether their price is best. It’s critical for brands to have price optimization technology on their side if they want a chance at capturing their share of revenue from this year’s reluctant consumer shopper.”"}
{"id": "doc6556", "text": "The parent company of Applebee’s and IHOP is providing new access to on-demand delivery."}
{"id": "doc6557", "text": "Dine Brands, which owns the Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar and IHOP casual dining chains, is partnering with the Postmates on-demand delivery platform. Postmates users can now order from both restaurants in the more than 3,500 cities across the U.S. where the delivery service operates."}
{"id": "doc6558", "text": "From the outset of the partnership, Dine Brands and Postmates will integrate delivery orders directly into Applebees and IHOPs POS systems, respectively. As a result, Dine Brands intends to streamline the order fulfillment process."}
{"id": "doc6559", "text": "Dine is committed to delivering exceptional dining experiences for our guests, whether they are enjoying our craveable meals at home or in our restaurants. We are proud to join forces with partners such as Postmates, who is aligned with our guest centric value, said Steve Joyce, CEO, Dine Brands."}
{"id": "doc6560", "text": "Both Applebees and IHOP are very popular on the Postmates platform, said Craig Whitmer, VP, merchant business development, Postmates. We are thrilled to provide customers access to these restaurants in the 3,500-plus cities we operate in and as we near the busy holiday season, there is no better time to Postmate it."}
{"id": "doc6561", "text": "Consumers can order from Applebees or IHOP via the Postmates site or mobile app. or download Postmates on iOS or Android. Customers can pay zero delivery fees when they subscribe to the Postmates Unlimited membership service for $9.99 per month."}
{"id": "doc6562", "text": "Applebee’s is offering customers a variety of third-party delivery options. In August 2019, the retailer made online and mobile delivery available at participating locations via the DoorDash on-demand platform."}
{"id": "doc6563", "text": "Retailers should get ready for a busy Thanksgiving weekend in stores and at shopping centers."}
{"id": "doc6564", "text": "Eighty-five percent of adults plan to shop during the four-day weekend, and 80% will visit a store or a shopping center, according to the International Council of Shopping Centers’ Pre-Black Friday Intentions Survey. Shoppers anticipate spending an average of $470, totaling $101.4 billion over the course of the weekend, with 40% of total spending for the four days taking place on Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc6565", "text": "ICSC found that 44% of those planning to shop over the weekend will buy online and pick-up in store, and 72% of those shoppers will spend additional money while at the store."}
{"id": "doc6566", "text": "Promotions will influence consumer choices this season. Forty-one percent of shoppers say that promotions and loyalty rewards are key factors when choosing where to shop, with in-store promotions having the most influence on purchasing decisions over the four-day weekend. Shoppers will seek the biggest discounts on electronics (37%) and toys (31%), reporting that they’re much less likely to buy those items if the deals are not good enough."}
{"id": "doc6567", "text": "“Promotions have always been a critical part of a retail strategy, and our research shows the same holds true for this Thanksgiving Weekend – almost two-thirds of shoppers plan their holiday shopping around this weekend,” said Tom McGee, president and CEO of ICSC. “In-store promotions and their impact on consumer habits are clear evidence of the central role physical retail plays in creating a memorable holiday shopping season.”"}
{"id": "doc6568", "text": "In other findings from the ICSC survey:• Apparel and footwear (82%) top the list of items consumers expect to purchase this year, followed by electronics (74%), toys/games (74%), and food/drink intended as gifts (72%)."}
{"id": "doc6569", "text": "• Purchases will be made at discount department stores such as Walmart and Target (93%), traditional department stores (73%), supermarkets/specialty food stores (73%) and electronics stores (67%). "}
{"id": "doc6570", "text": "• Of those who intend to hit the stores on Black Friday, the largest portion (28%) will head out between midnight and 6 a.m., with another 27% anticipating an arrival time between 6 a.m. and 9 a.m."}
{"id": "doc6571", "text": "• Eighty-six percent of those shopping over Thanksgiving Weekend plan to take advantage of experiential and non-traditional tenants, including activities like bowling, visiting a salon or watching a movie. Seventy-seven percent plan to dine at restaurants over the course of the weekend as well."}
{"id": "doc6572", "text": "Nordstrom is betting big in one of its biggest markets, with the largest single-project investment in the brand’s storied history. "}
{"id": "doc6573", "text": "The upscale retailer has opened its first full-line department store for women in New York, a towering, seven-level, 320,000-sq.-ft. flagship in the heart of Manhattan. The just-opened Nordstrom is located at Broadway and West 57th Street, in the base of Central Park Tower, the tallest residential building in the world, and across the street from the Nordstrom Mens Store, which opened in spring 2018. "}
{"id": "doc6574", "text": "The new Nordstrom is sleek and modern, with an iconic glass wave façade (the store was designed is a collaboration with James Carpenter Design Associates; CallisonRTKL is the architect of record) that brings in natural light and provide an interactive viewing experience for customers inside and at street level. The all-transparent façade has no boxed-in windows, making the entire store a display window to passers-by. An open, hyper-flexible floor plan allows for an evolving curation of how products are displayed. Fifty-four original pieces from up-and-coming artists are located throughout the space — customers can even take an audio-guided tour of the collection via the [email protected] app.  "}
{"id": "doc6575", "text": "MERCHANDISE: The merchandise assortment includes a curated offering across categories and price points, ranging from iconic luxury brands such as Saint Laurent to up-and-comers like Birdies and Everlane to the more accessible Madewell and Topshop. Many have their own pop-ups or in-store shops, including:"}
{"id": "doc6576", "text": "* The Christian Louboutin pop-up features an exclusive 30-piece capsule of footwear, handbags and gift items, with the space inspired by a museum near Louboutins childhood home in Paris. "}
{"id": "doc6577", "text": "* The Burberry concept is housed within a giant, immersive installation spanning five rooms, and is accented with wood-paneled walls and raised theatre-style seating. It even has its own café offering British classics."}
{"id": "doc6578", "text": "* Nordstrom x Nike (NxN) is designed as the ultimate womens sneaker boutique and features Nike product with a curated selection of merchandise from fashion brands."}
{"id": "doc6579", "text": "* Space: A boutique dedicated to advanced and emerging designer collections as selected by Nordstrom VP of creative projects Olivia Kim. It also includes the first branded in-store shop from Acne Studios and a one-of-a-kind Comme des Garcons shop designed with artist and furniture designer Marc Hundley."}
{"id": "doc6580", "text": "* Pop In @ Nordstrom, on the fifth level, will feature a different brand every six weeks. It opened with a collection of items from Everlane. "}
{"id": "doc6581", "text": "BEAUTY:  The two-level beauty department is Nordstrom’s largest to date, with more than 100 brands and 16 shop concepts. It combines traditional beauty counter service with digital features, including an augmented reality (AR) assisted mirror, “Lipstick Finder,” that shows a customer how her lips will look in any of 400 colors and an interactive mirror that allows customers to virtually try on trend makeup looks."}
{"id": "doc6582", "text": "The department also boasts a full-service spa, the Beauty Haven, whose offerings include blowouts, facials, manicures, waxing, threading, spray tans, makeup applications, brow styling, and Botox injections."}
{"id": "doc6583", "text": "SERVICES: The wide range of services, many of which connect the physical and digital, including 24/7 online order pick-up and delivery; same-day delivery to eligible addresses; on-site alterations and tailoring, including express alterations in 30-60 minutes; gift wrapping; shoe, handbag and small leather goods repair; connected fitting rooms; digital directories; cell phone charging stations and more.  Styling services including a stylists lounge offering one-on-one appointments."}
{"id": "doc6584", "text": "FOOD/BEVERAGES: The store houses seven different food and beverage outposts, including a cocktail bar in the middle of the shoe floor; a dessert shop with gluten-free donuts; a pizza and pasta restaurant; and a colorful, Pacific Rim-inspired restaurant. "}
{"id": "doc6585", "text": "Nordstrom has unveiled the first of two East Coast store openings planned for this fall."}
{"id": "doc6586", "text": "The department store retailer opened a three-level, 140,000-sq.-ft. store at the SoNo Collection in Norwalk, Conn. It features the company’s latest store design, a service-driven beauty and wellness experience and a new, dedicated service concept. (Nordstrom’s first store in Connecticut opened in 1997, at Westfarms Mall in Farmington.)  "}
{"id": "doc6587", "text": "The design includes lighter fixtures, more windows and natural light that helps to connect the shopping experience to the outside world. The goal was to create spaces where customers want to spend their leisure time, to encourage a sense of discovery for new brands or styles they havent tried before, according to Nordstrom."}
{"id": "doc6588", "text": "The new beauty concept, called Nordstrom Beauty Haven, highlights wellness, haircare and beauty brands and offers an array of services to pamper customers from head-to-toe – whether they have 30-minutes or three hours. Services include: "}
{"id": "doc6589", "text": "•    Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Suite: A boutique brow experience with experts trained to reshape and sculpt using the famous Anastasia method;"}
{"id": "doc6590", "text": "•    Base Coat Nail Salon: Featuring manicures and pedicures using plant-based and mostly chemical-free products; and "}
{"id": "doc6591", "text": "•    Light Salon: This light bar service brings convenient and effective five to sixty-minute treatments to customers using the latest LED technology. The facial bar offers various treatments ranging from spot treatments to peels."}
{"id": "doc6592", "text": "Nordstrom at SoNo also features the debut of a new dedicated service concept: Express Services. Customers can pick-up (and try on) online orders in the 2,700-sq.-ft. department, which also allows for express returns and access to in-store alterations and tailoring services all in one place. Additional services include curbside pickup, complimentary personal styling, bra and prosthesis fitters. "}
{"id": "doc6593", "text": "Womens apparel features fashion in a variety of price points including of-the-moment brands like rag & bone, Veronica Beard, FRAME, and Saloni; designer brands including Missoni, Carolina Herrera and Oscar de la Renta; and exclusive and limited distribution brands like Madewell, Topshop and more than 35 Nordstrom Made labels. In shoes, customers can find everything from Nike to Doc Martens to Christian Louboutin, including several Nordstrom Exclusive styles from Valentino, Prada, Golden Goose and Givenchy. The store also has four specialty handbag boutiques including Chloe, Longchamp, Givenchy and Mansur Gavriel."}
{"id": "doc6594", "text": "The opening of the new store in Connecticut comes weeks before Nordstrom will unveil its first-ever flagship in New York City, opening Oct. 24. "}
{"id": "doc6595", "text": "Nordstrom operates 381 stores in 40 states, including 116 full-line stores in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico; 249 Nordstrom Rack stores; three Jeffrey boutiques; two clearance stores; six Trunk Club clubhouses; and five Nordstrom Local locations."}
{"id": "doc6596", "text": "A leading luxury retailer is leveraging robotics to help ensure customers have access to the products they want, in-store as well as online."}
{"id": "doc6597", "text": "Seeking to provide every store with the ability to provide customers with desired items, however, they want to receive them, Nordstrom is piloting robotic technology from Tompkins Robotics and Attabotics for the purpose of connecting inventory across its stores and facilities within a market so customers have access to a larger selection of product, faster."}
{"id": "doc6598", "text": "Currently, Nordstrom is using the robotic technology to automate the storage and sortation of West Coast beauty orders in its San Jose, Calif. distribution facility. The Attabotics structure is able to house aisles’ worth of products in a compact space and is flexible, so it can fit into a variety of spaces and can adapt to changes in customer demand."}
{"id": "doc6599", "text": "Nordstrom combines the Attabotics structure with t-Sort autonomous mobile robots (AMRs) from Tompkins Robotics. t-Sort is a portable, scalable robotic sortation system consisting of free-moving robots along the shortest route possible to sort items and packages by shipping order, destination or service level. The t-Sort system is fully modular and additional robots can be added or removed in real time, enabling Nordstrom to ramp up for peak seasons.The retailer is utilizing Tompkins Robotics’ t-Sort system to handle unit and item sortation of e-commerce and store fulfillment orders, as well as larger t-Sort Plus robots for parcel and carton shipping sortation for outbound shipments. "}
{"id": "doc6600", "text": "Nordstrom estimates the combined solution of Attabotics and Tompkins Robotics uses up to an estimated 90% less footprint within the San Jose facility. The retailer says the technology allows more efficient storage and sortation of product, ultimately getting items into the hands of customers faster. It also enables distribution center employees to focus on inspecting product quality, order accuracy and packaging before orders are shipped."}
{"id": "doc6601", "text": "Based on learnings from implementing the solution in its San Jose facility, Nordstrom plans to soon expand its usage at to a new local omni-hub facility in Torrance, Calif., to further support customers in Los Angeles, which is the retailer’s largest market. Nordstrom hopes that this will help ensure customers receive the right product at the right place at the right time, as well as reduce out-of-stocks, extended fulfillment and shipping delays. "}
{"id": "doc6602", "text": "“We have developed a market approach to our supply chain enabled by our combined technology of Tompkins Robotics and Attabotics,” said Ngoc Phan, VP of supply chain systems and engineering at Nordstrom. “This approach helps us continue to get customers the right product at a faster speed, and we look forward to continue leveraging this technology to enhance our fulfillment operations to provide a seamless shopping experience for customers.”"}
{"id": "doc6603", "text": "Nordstrom reported earnings that exceeded expectations as sales trends improved across both its full-price and off-price businesses. "}
{"id": "doc6604", "text": "The company also raised the lower-end of its full-year profit guidance in contrast to profit forecast cuts by other department store retailers, including Macy’s Inc. and Kohl’s Corp. "}
{"id": "doc6605", "text": "Nordstrom’s net earnings were $126 million, with earnings per share of $0.81, for the period ended Nov. 2, compared with $67 million during the year-ago period, which included an after-tax estimated non-recurring credit-related charge of $49 million. Analysts has expected earnings of $0.65 per share."}
{"id": "doc6606", "text": "Total revenue fell 2% to $3.67 billion, in line with estimates."}
{"id": "doc6607", "text": "Nordstrom’s full-price net sales decreased 4.1%. Off-price net sales rose 1.2%. Total company-wide digital sales were up 7%, representing 34% of the business. "}
{"id": "doc6608", "text": "The retailer said its enhanced loyalty program, The Nordy Club, grew 13% in the quarter to more than 12 million active customers, and accounted for nearly 65% of sales for the third quarter."}
{"id": "doc6609", "text": "“Our third-quarter earnings exceeded expectations, demonstrating substantial progress in the delivery of our strategy and strength of our operating discipline, said Erik Nordstrom, co-president, Nordstrom. “Through our customer focus, we drove broad-based improvement in top-line trends. The consistent strength of our inventory and expense execution contributed to increased profitability for the quarter.”"}
{"id": "doc6610", "text": "In his statement, Nordstrom noted that the company realized an important milestone during the quarter with the opening of its York City flagship store, “significantly increasing our presence in the world’s top retail market.”"}
{"id": "doc6611", "text": "Nordstrom raised the lower-end of its full-year profit forecast and said it now expects full-year earnings to be $3.30 to $3.50 per share, up slightly from a prior per-share range of $3.25 to $3.50. It also said the impact of U.S. tariffs would not be significant for the year."}
{"id": "doc6612", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6613", "text": "Lowe’s Cos. reported third-quarter income that topped Street expectations even as its revenue fell short."}
{"id": "doc6614", "text": "The home improvement giant on Wednesday also reported that it will shutter 34 underperforming stores — 26 Rona locations, 6 Lowe’s stores, and 2 Reno-Depot stores — in Canada. It also plans to streamline its multiple Canadian store banners to drive efficiency and reduce operational complexity. (Lowe’s Canada operates and services a network of more than 600 stores including corporate and independent locations. The store network includes five banners: Lowe’s, Rona, Reno-Depot, Ace and Dick’s Lumber.)"}
{"id": "doc6615", "text": "“We are committed to the Canadian market and are taking decisive action to improve the performance and profitability of our Canadian operations,” stated Lowe’s CEO Marvin E. Ellison. “We also have a detailed roadmap and a very experienced team in place to repair our Lowes.com business.”"}
{"id": "doc6616", "text": "Lowe’s net earnings jumped 67% to $1.05 billion, or $1.36 a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 1, from $629 million in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings were $1.41 a share, beating estimates of $1.35 a share."}
{"id": "doc6617", "text": "Net sales for the quarter were $17.39 billion, down from $17.42 billion, missing estimates of $17.69 billion. Consolidated same-store sales rose 2.2%, dragged down by weaker performance in Canada. Same-store sales in the U.S. rose 3%."}
{"id": "doc6618", "text": "“We were pleased with the performance of our U.S. home improvement stores, which reflects a solid macroeconomic backdrop and continued progress in our transformation driven by investments in customer experience, improved merchandise category performance, and continued growth of our Pro business,” stated CEO Marvin Ellison."}
{"id": "doc6619", "text": "Lowe’s third-quarter release followed by one day a similar release from rival Home Depot. In the third quarter, Home Depot posted U.S. comp-store sales growth of 3.8%, compared to 3.0% for Lowe’s."}
{"id": "doc6620", "text": "Looking ahead, Lowe’s expects full-year sales to increase about 2%, and comparable-store sales to increase about 3%."}
{"id": "doc6621", "text": "As of Nov. 1, 2019, Lowe’s operated 2,004 home improvement and hardware stores in the United States and Canada."}
{"id": "doc6622", "text": "Lowe’s Companies appointed a veteran marketer who worked with a fast-food giant and several beauty powerhouses to a new role in its senior leadership team. "}
{"id": "doc6623", "text": "The home improvement retailer named Marisa F. Thalberg as executive VP, chief brand and marketing officer, effective Feb. 10. In the role, new for Lowes, she will oversee all branding and marketing efforts. "}
{"id": "doc6624", "text": "Most recently, she served as global chief brand officer of Taco Bell, stepping down last August. Thalberg joined the fast-food giant in 2015 as chief brand engagement officer and, in 2016, became the company’s first-ever female chief marketing officer. In January 2018, she was promoted to global chief brand officer.  "}
{"id": "doc6625", "text": "Prior to Taco Bell, Thalberg served as the head of corporate digital and integrated marketing worldwide for The Estée Lauder Companies and held various senior leadership roles at Unilever Cosmetics International, Sure Fit Inc., and Revlon."}
{"id": "doc6626", "text": "Thalberg also founded Executive Moms, an organization for working mothers. "}
{"id": "doc6627", "text": "“Marisa is a world-class marketer and leader, and we are thrilled to have her join the Lowe’s leadership team,” said Marvin R. Ellison, Lowe’s president and CEO. “Marisa brings extensive experience in building culturally resonant brands and delivering business value through marketing innovation and fresh thinking to inspire and engage customers. We are confident Marisa will lead our brand into an exciting new chapter for our customers and associates.”"}
{"id": "doc6628", "text": "Another digitally native retailer has made the jump to brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc6629", "text": "Men’s footwear brand Taft has opened its first-ever store, in Manhattan’s SoHo neighborhood. Founded in 2014, the brand has amassed a following among athletes, celebrities and other influencers. Taft shoes are produced in Spain and Portugal with textiles ranging from suiting wool to woven upholstery fabric to Charles F. Stead leather. Prices typically fall within the $200 range. "}
{"id": "doc6630", "text": "The opening of the store caps a year of exponential growth for Taft. After bootstrapping $20 million in less than four years, the company took on funding for the first time in July 2018 from venture capital firms and fellow entrepreneurs — NBA stars Dwyane Wade and Andre Iguodala came forward to invest in the seed round. Fifth Wall Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on helping digitally native companies open physical stores, is also one of its backers."}
{"id": "doc6631", "text": "The SoHo store is designed by Bobby Redd, which also designed Allbirds’ concept store in SoHo. The interior has a relaxed vibe, with a curated blend of vintage and new couches and armchairs to make feel as if theyre trying on shoes in a friends living room. The focal point of the space is an iconic shoe wall featuring 48 of Tafts most popular styles. "}
{"id": "doc6632", "text": "Seeing our products displayed on shelves and in the hands of our customers is a dream come true,” said Kory Stevens, founder of Taft. “Being an online-only brand, we miss out on the magical moment when a customer sees the shoes for the first time and tries them on. Were super excited for people to get that experience in our first store.”"}
{"id": "doc6633", "text": "Retailers targeting older consumers shouldn’t overlook their Gen Z offspring."}
{"id": "doc6634", "text": "Nearly nine in 10 (87%) parents say their Gen Z children influence purchase decisions, according to the National Retail Federation’s Fall 2019 Consumer View. The findings revealed that Gen Zers influence 48% of purchases parents make specifically for them along with 36% of household purchases. (The report defines Gen Z as including people born in 1995 and later, ranging from newborns to young adults.)"}
{"id": "doc6635", "text": "Aspects of their parents’ purchases Gen Zers often influence include specific brands (52%), product features (48%), and specific retailers (41%). Popular ways parents include Gen Z children in purchase decisions include looking at products in the store (69%), looking at products online (67%), watching commercials (60%), adding items to a wish list or shopping cart (56%), reading/watching product reviews (54%), and browsing catalogs (52%)."}
{"id": "doc6636", "text": "The top categories where Gen Z consumers influence spending either by their household or with their own money are:"}
{"id": "doc6637", "text": "•    Toys and games (92%)•    Clothes and shoes (91%)•    Food and drink (88%)•    Dining out (87%)•    Event outings (85%)•    Books and music (85%)•    Electronic goods (81%)•    Personal care (81%)•    Travel (79%)•    Apps (78%)•    Sports equipment (78%)•    Digital streaming (74%)"}
{"id": "doc6638", "text": "Almost half of consumers have used voice search to search for products in the past month."}
{"id": "doc6639", "text": "According to consumer survey data exclusively provided to Chain Store Age by The Manifest, 48% of respondents have searched for products with a voice-enabled device such as their phone or a smart speaker in the previous 30 days. The most popular product categories for voice search are:"}
{"id": "doc6640", "text": "•    Electronics (22%)•    Clothing (19%)•    Accessories (e.g., shoes, bags, jewelry, belts) (16%)•    Business services (16%)•    Health & beauty products (15%)•    Books (11%)"}
{"id": "doc6641", "text": "In additional published findings, the survey found more than half of voice search users (53%) use it at least once a week. People are more likely to use voice search to search for products, services, and information (60%) than to communicate with other people (20%) or issue commands (20%). "}
{"id": "doc6642", "text": "The top three types of information people use voice search to find out include facts such as trivia and term definitions (62%), the weather (46%), and the news (32%). "}
{"id": "doc6643", "text": "The survey also found that different age groups use voice search differently: Interestingly, voice search users ages 35 and older (64%) are more likely to use voice search to search for products/services than younger users ages 18-34 (47%). Meanwhile, younger voice search users ages 18-34 are the most likely to use voice search to issue commands (30%), compared to users ages 35 and older (17%). "}
{"id": "doc6644", "text": "The Manifest surveyed 501 U.S. residents who use voice search with a voice-enabled device. "}
{"id": "doc6645", "text": "Retailers are lagging well behind customer preferences when it comes to in-store technology."}
{"id": "doc6646", "text": "According to “The Future of Retail,” a new study from Boston Retail Partners (BRP), 48% of customers are likely to prefer a retailer offering proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store. Thirty-two percent of customers are likely to choose a retailer offering an augmented reality (AR) experience over one not offering it, and more than five in 10 consumers (57%) would choose a store offering an automated returns process or self-checkout with an app (55%) over a store that did not provide these technology-enabled features."}
{"id": "doc6647", "text": "However, BRP data indicates most retailers have not yet responded to customer desires for these emerging in-store technology offerings. Only one in 10 retailers offer proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store, and a mere 2% offer an augmented reality (AR) experience as a means of customer service. A slightly higher percentage provide self-checkout via app (14%) or an automated returns process (13%)."}
{"id": "doc6648", "text": "The study also reveals low levels of retailer adoption of other leading-edge in-store technologies, such as in-store real-time order visibility (18%), artificial intelligence (AI) such as digital assistants and chatbots (7%), and facial recognition sensors. Close to three in 10 (28%) retailers do offer an in-store product locator app (28%). "}
{"id": "doc6649", "text": "Looking ahead, a fair number of retailers plan to implement these technologies in their stores in the next two years, with one notable exception:"}
{"id": "doc6650", "text": "•    Real-time order status visibility (41%)•    Self-checkout app (39%)•    Product locator app (33%)•    Proximity-triggered mobile coupons (39%)•    AI (50%)•    Facial recognition sensors (2%)•    AR (27%)•    Automated pickup (36%)•    Automated returns (25%)"}
{"id": "doc6651", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc6652", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc6653", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc6654", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc6655", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc6656", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc6657", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc6658", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc6659", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc6660", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc6661", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc6662", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc6663", "text": "The TJX Cos. reported a solid set of numbers for its third quarter as shoppers flocked to its stores in search of bargains. "}
{"id": "doc6664", "text": "The off-price giant reported net income of $828.3 million, or $0.68 per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $762.3 million, or $0. 61 per share, last year. Analysts had expected earnings per share of $0.66."}
{"id": "doc6665", "text": "Net sales in the quarter passed the $10 billion mark, rising 6% to $10.45 billion, easily topping estimates of $10.32 billion. Consolidated same-store store sales increased 4%, driven by increased customer traffic across all its divisions, TJX said."}
{"id": "doc6666", "text": "By brand, comparable sales rose 6% at Marmaxx (TJ Maxx and Marshalls), 6% at TJX International and 2% at TJX Canada. Same-store sales inched up 1% at Home Goods. "}
{"id": "doc6667", "text": "“With our above-guidance third-quarter results, we are raising our full-year earnings per share guidance,” said CEO and president Ernie Herrman. “Looking ahead, the fourth quarter is off to a solid start and we have many initiatives underway to keep driving traffic and sales to our stores and online during the holiday season and beyond. Longer term, we are confident that we can gain additional market share and continue the successful growth of TJX in the U.S. and internationally.”"}
{"id": "doc6668", "text": "For the full-year, the company expects earnings per share in the range of $2.61 to $2.63. Analysts expect $2.61."}
{"id": "doc6669", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said he was confident that TJX will perform well during the holidays. "}
{"id": "doc6670", "text": "“Over the past few years the business has grown its share of holiday sales – both for gift buying and for self-purchases such as party wear,” he noted. “In past seasons its marketing and advertising has been strong and has resonated with consumers. We expect this to be replicated again this year with the messages amplified by an increased desire among consumers to secure great value for money.”"}
{"id": "doc6671", "text": "As of November 2, 2019, TJX Cos. operated a total of 4,519 stores in nine countries, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, Poland, Austria, the Netherlands, and Australia, and four e-commerce sites. These include 1,271 TJ Maxx, 1,125 Marshalls, 807 HomeGoods, 46 Sierra, and 32 Homesense store in the United States; 279 Winners, 136 HomeSense, and 97 Marshalls stores in Canada; 594 TK Maxx and 78 Homesense stores in Europe; and 54 TK Maxx stores in Australia. The company also operates websites for many of its divisions."}
{"id": "doc6672", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliance reported fourth quarter sales and earnings that topped Street expectations but its profit fell amid costs.  "}
{"id": "doc6673", "text": "Walgreens’ net income fell to $677 million, or 75 cents per share, in the quarter ended August 30, down from $1.51 billion, or $1.55 per share in the year-ago period. The company attributed the drop  to expenses associated with its cost-cutting program. Adjusted earnings came to $1.43 per share, above the $1.41 analysts had expected."}
{"id": "doc6674", "text": "On a call with analysts, CFO James Kehoe said that company made “select reductions” in its U.S. headquarters in Deerfield, Ill., last week. Walgreens also is reducing and reorganizing its global digital and IT teams under a new chief information officer, he said.  "}
{"id": "doc6675", "text": "Kehoe noted that the company has completed a review of its real estate footprint. In August, Walgreens announced plans to close about 200 U.S. stores as part of its  previously announced “transformational cost management program” to deliver annual cost savings in excess of $1.5 billion by 2022. On Monday, the company  raised its  savings target to more than $1.8 billion by fiscal 2022. "}
{"id": "doc6676", "text": "Walgreen also announced an in-store partnership to open Jenny Craig weight loss locations in some 100 of its stores. "}
{"id": "doc6677", "text": "For the fourth quarter, Walgreens’ total revenue rose 1.5% to $33.95 billion, up from $33.4 billion last year.  Analysts had expected $33.89 billion."}
{"id": "doc6678", "text": "The company’s retail pharmacy USA division reported sales of $26.0 billion, an increase of 2.1% over the year-ago quarter. Same-store sales rose 3.4%. Pharmacy sales, which accounted for 75% of the division’s sales in the quarter, increased 4.2% amid higher brand inflation and prescription volume."}
{"id": "doc6679", "text": "Retail (non-pharmacy) sales fell 3.9%. Comparable retail sales decreased 1.2%, which the company attributed “entirely” due to a continued de-emphasis of tobacco."}
{"id": "doc6680", "text": "For the full year, Walgreens’ sales increased 4.1% to $136.9 billion. Net earnings decreased 20.7% to $4.0 billion."}
{"id": "doc6681", "text": "“We are pleased to report fiscal 2019 results in line with our previously stated guidance despite a challenging operating environment,” said executive vice chairman and CEO Stefano Pessina. “We are also making progress on our four strategic priorities, which we remain confident are positioning us to deliver long-term growth. While we still face headwinds, I am encouraged by the improvement in U.S. comparable sales performance in the second half of fiscal 2019 and our progress in managing costs in order to save to invest to grow.” "}
{"id": "doc6682", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6683", "text": "BJ’s Wholesale Club Holdings reported mixed results for its third quarter and also announced a stock repurchase program."}
{"id": "doc6684", "text": "The membership-based warehouse retailer reported that its net income rose to $55.1 million, or 40 cents a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, from $54.4 million, or 39 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings rose to 41 cents per share, beating analysts’ estimates by one cent."}
{"id": "doc6685", "text": "Total revenue edged up 0.2% to $3.229 billion, below analysts’ estimates of $3.30 billion. Net sales rose 0.1% to $3.15 billion and membership fee income grew 7.1% to $76.5 million. "}
{"id": "doc6686", "text": "Same-store sales increased 1.1%, below expectations."}
{"id": "doc6687", "text": "We delivered solid margin improvement and continued earnings growth in the third quarter,” said Christopher J. Baldwin, chairman and CEO, BJ’s Wholesale Club. We remain focused on executing against our strategic plan and transforming our business to be well-positioned for the long-term. The boards decision to authorize a stock repurchase program reflects the strength of our cash flow and confidence in our growth strategy and long-term outlook."}
{"id": "doc6688", "text": "For 2019, BJs lowered its sales outlook to approximately $12.9 billion from $12.9 billion to $13.2 billion and cut its same-store sales growth guidance to 1.3% to 1.5% from 1.5% to 2.5%.  It also while narrowing its EPS outlook to $1.44 to $1.48 from $1.42 to $1.50. "}
{"id": "doc6689", "text": "In other news, the retailer set a $250 million stock repurchase program, expiring January 2022.  "}
{"id": "doc6690", "text": "Headquartered in Westborough, Massachusetts, BJs operates 219 clubs and 144 BJs Gas locations in 17 states."}
{"id": "doc6691", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. beat the Street for the fourth quarter as it closed the book on a disappointing year that did not meet its expectations. "}
{"id": "doc6692", "text": "Kohl’s net income totaled $265 million, or $1.72 per share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, down from $272 million, or $1.67 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted EPS was $1.99 per share, topping analysts’ estimates for $1.88. "}
{"id": "doc6693", "text": "Total revenue inched up to $6.83 billion from $6.82 billion. Analysts had expected $6.52 billion. Same-store sales were flat. "}
{"id": "doc6694", "text": "On an earnings conference call with analysts, CEO Michelle Gass said that Kohls  womens apparel was challenged throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc6695", "text": "We recognize that we need a much more significant reinvention in women to improve the trajectory moving forward, she told analysts."}
{"id": "doc6696", "text": "Gass said that Kohls is making bold moves to improve the business, including a decision to exit eight of its womens brands during the coming year.  She did not name the brands, but said the company will provide more details at its upcoming meeting with investors."}
{"id": "doc6697", "text": "For the full year, Kohl’s reported sales of $19.9 billion, down from $20.2 billion in the previous year. Same-store sales fell 1.3%. Income totaled $769 million, down from $927 million a year earlier. "}
{"id": "doc6698", "text": "Kohls raised its dividend 5% to $0.704 per share payable April 1, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6699", "text": "While 2019 was a year in which our financial results did not meet our expectations, it was also a year of innovation and investment that further strengthened Kohl’s differentiation in the market,” said Michelle Gass, CEO, Kohl’s. “We are encouraged by the acceleration of traffic and new customer acquisition in our stores and online driven by the unprecedented level of new brands and partnerships we launched during the year. I am confident that we will build on our strengths in 2020 to stabilize and position the business for future growth.”"}
{"id": "doc6700", "text": "In February, Kohl’s announced a corporate restructuring that included the elimination of some 250 positions. "}
{"id": "doc6701", "text": "For 2020, the retailer expects earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.60, and same-store sales from down 1% to up 1%. The Street forecast earnings per share of $4.58 and a comparable sales decline of 1.3%."}
{"id": "doc6702", "text": "The Home Depot is heading into fiscal 2020 expecting year-over-year improvement in its rate of total sales growth."}
{"id": "doc6703", "text": "At its 2019 investor and analyst conference, the home improvement giant reaffirmed its guidance for fiscal 2019. This includes total sales growth of approximately 1.8% and same-store sales growth for the comparable 52-week period of approximately 3.5% (fiscal 2018 was a 53-week year). Diluted earnings-per-share are expected to increase 3.1% from fiscal 2018 to $10.03."}
{"id": "doc6704", "text": "In addition, Home Depot is providing a preliminary fiscal 2020 outlook that includes total sales growth of approximately 3.5% to 4% and same-store sales growth of approximately 3.5% to 4%."}
{"id": "doc6705", "text": "Home Depot also provided an update on its “One Home Depot” strategy, which is based on delivering a “frictionless, interconnected” shopping experience that enables customers to seamlessly blend the digital and physical worlds. In fiscal 2018, the company began a three-year, accelerated investment program to position itself as One Home Depot. "}
{"id": "doc6706", "text": "Investments supporting this strategy follow a customer-back approach, touching every aspect of the companys business. They include store enhancements and new e-commerce solutions, delivery options, and a comprehensive ecosystem for professional customers."}
{"id": "doc6707", "text": "We are confident that the investments we are making in the One Home Depot experience will address the evolving needs of our customers. We are building on our distinct competitive advantages to capitalize on a large and fragmented market opportunity and extend our leadership position for years to come, said Craig Menear, chairman, CEO and president, Home Depot."}
{"id": "doc6708", "text": "The Home Depot operates 2,291 retail stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces, and Mexico. "}
{"id": "doc6709", "text": "The Home Depot’s investments in stores, supply chain and the integration of online and in-store shopping took a toll on its earnings in the third quarter even as its sales continued to rise. "}
{"id": "doc6710", "text": "Earnings fell to $2.76 billion, or $2.53 per share, in the quarter ended Nov 3 from $2.86 billion, or $2.51 per share, a year earlier. Analysts had expected $2.52 per share."}
{"id": "doc6711", "text": "Sales rose 3.5% to $27.22 billion, just shy of Street estimates.  Home Depot’s average customer ticket was $66.36, higher than in the year-ago period. Sales per square foot also rose to $449.17 from the year-earlier period. "}
{"id": "doc6712", "text": "Same-store U.S. sales rose 3.8%, less than expected."}
{"id": "doc6713", "text": "The retailer’s strategic investments – or “One Home Depot” – have been described as a drive to “a frictionless, interconnected customer experience” and an $11 billion multi-year project. The investments are largely on track and have generated positive results, said CEO Craig Menear. But some of the benefits are taking longer to realize, he said."}
{"id": "doc6714", "text": "“While sales reflected broad-based growth across the business, the results fell short of the company’s expectations,” said Menear. "}
{"id": "doc6715", "text": "He added: “We are encouraged by the momentum in our business as we invest to extend our competitive advantages.”"}
{"id": "doc6716", "text": "Looking ahead, the company’s full-year comp-store sales growth is now expected to come in at positive 3.5%, down from previous guidance of 4.0%. Full-year sales are expected to grow 1.8%, that’s lower than previous guidance of 2.3%."}
{"id": "doc6717", "text": "At the end of the quarter, Home Depot operated a total of 2,290 retail stores throughout North America."}
{"id": "doc6718", "text": "The department store sector took another blow as Macy’s Inc. reported a big drop in earnings and its first same-store decline after six straight quarters of comp sales growth."}
{"id": "doc6719", "text": "The department store giant, which blamed the late arrival of cold weather and weak traffic at lower-level malls as negatively impacting its third-quarter results, also slashed its full-year outlook. Macy’s disappointing quarter follows weak results by other department store retailers, notably Kohl’s and J.C. Penney, and stands in contrast to Walmart and Target, both of which are going into the holiday with strong momentum. The retailer’s results also come days after it reported it has been the victim of a data breach. "}
{"id": "doc6720", "text": "Macy’s net income totaled $2 million, or 1 cent a share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, down from $62 million, or 20 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to 7 cents, better than Street estimates for break-even earnings."}
{"id": "doc6721", "text": "Net sales fell to $5.173 billion from $5.404 billion, below the $5.321 billion analysts had expected. "}
{"id": "doc6722", "text": "Same-store sales were down 3.5%, worse than expected. The decrease came after six consecutive quarters of comparable sales growth"}
{"id": "doc6723", "text": "While we anticipated a negative comp as we were lapping a very strong third quarter last year, the sales deceleration was steeper than we expected, CEO Jeff Gennette stated. “Our third quarter sales were impacted by the late arrival of cold weather, continued soft international tourism and weaker than anticipated performance in lower tier malls.” "}
{"id": "doc6724", "text": "In addition, Macy’s e-commerce business experienced a temporary due to work on the site in preparation for the fourth quarter, Gennette said, adding that the work has been completed. "}
{"id": "doc6725", "text": "The executive noted that Macy’s was able to clear out some excess inventory during the quarter, “resulting in significantly improved margin compression versus the first half of the year.” He expressed confidence in the company’s holiday strategies."}
{"id": "doc6726", "text": "“The Macy’s, Bloomingdales and Bluemercury teams are aligned and committed to delivering a great experience for our customers in our stores, on our digital sites and through our mobile apps,” he said. “We have fully updated our Growth150 stores and completed the 2019 expansion of Backstage. We have curated an expanded gift assortment with great values in all categories and developed a powerful marketing calendar for both our best and occasional customers.”"}
{"id": "doc6727", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders, said that Macy’s failure on the sales line comes back to the products it sells and the environments in which it sells them, neither of which are not aligned with what consumers want. "}
{"id": "doc6728", "text": "“Outside of the stores Macy’s has tried to improve, there are a host of other shops that remain plain dismal, down-at-heel and uninspiring,” said Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. “They are hard to navigate and do not meet the needs of the modern consumer in terms of the services or offer they present. It is those stores, some of which are in failing malls but others of which are in relatively successful locations, that are dragging Macy’s down.”"}
{"id": "doc6729", "text": "Macy’s now expects full-year sales to fall 2.5% to 2.0% compared with prior guidance for roughly flat. Same-store sales are expected to fall 1.5% to 1.0% compared with earlier guidance of flat to up 1%. Adjusted per-share earnings are expected to range from $2.57 to $2.77, compared with prior guidance of $2.85 to $3.05."}
{"id": "doc6730", "text": "Macy’s Inc. is slashing staff and shuttering stores and closing its downtown Cincinnati offices as part of a three-year plan that it said is designed to stabilize profitability and position the company for growth."}
{"id": "doc6731", "text": "The department store giant plans to close approximately 125 of its least productive stores during the next three years, including approximately 30 locations that are already in the process of being closed. Macy’s said the 125 stores currently account for approximately $1.4 billion in annual sales."}
{"id": "doc6732", "text": "Macy’s said the decision to shutter the stores followed a “rigorous evaluation” of its store portfolio. The review included a store-level assessment of each store’s overall value to the fleet, including predicted profitability based on consumer trends and demographics. "}
{"id": "doc6733", "text": "The retailer also is streamlining its organization with a net reduction in its corporate and support function headcount of 9%, or approximately 2,000 positions."}
{"id": "doc6734", "text": "In another big move, Macy is making New York City its sole corporate headquarters. The company will close its San Francisco, downtown Cincinnati and Lorain, Ohio, offices. It also is closing its customer contact center in Tempe, Arizona, consolidating all customer service work into its Mason, Ohio, and Clearwater, Fla., facilities. "}
{"id": "doc6735", "text": "  “We are taking the organization through significant structural change to lower costs, bring teams closer together and reduce duplicative work,” said Macy’s chairman and CEO Jeff Gennette. “This will be a tough week for our team as we say goodbye to great colleagues and good friends. The changes we are making are deep and impact every area of the business, but they are necessary. I know we will come out of this transition stronger, more agile and better fit to compete in today’s retail environment."}
{"id": "doc6736", "text": "Macy’s also announced, as was previously reported, that it is testing a new store format. The concept, called Market by Macy’s, is smaller than an average Macy’s store and will be located off-mall in lifestyle centers. It will feature a mix of curated Macy’s merchandise and local goods, as well as local food and beverage options and a robust community events calendar. The first Market by Macy’s will open in Dallas, on February 6, 2020."}
{"id": "doc6737", "text": "Beginning in 2020, Macy’s  expects to generate annual gross savings of about $1.5 billion, which will be fully realized by the end of 2022. For 2020,  Macy’s is anticipating gross savings of roughly $600 million, “some of which will flow to the bottom line in order to stabilize operating margin.”"}
{"id": "doc6738", "text": "Other initiatives announced in line with Macy’s three-year plan are below."}
{"id": "doc6739", "text": "• Macy’s will continue to expand its off-price offering, Macy’s Backstage, during the next three years. In 2020, the company plans to open an additional 50 Backstage in-store locations in Macy’s stores and seven additional freestanding, off-mall Backstage stores."}
{"id": "doc6740", "text": "• Macy’s will roll out its “Growth” treatment to an additional 100 stores in 2020. The update includes improvements to the physical store, as well as investments in merchandising strategies, technology improvements, talent and local marketing. To date, the treatment has been applied to 150 locations, which account for approximately 50% of 2019 total stores’ sales. The updated stores continue to outperform the balance of the fleet, according to Macy’s."}
{"id": "doc6741", "text": "“We have an opportunity to build a broader yet integrated Macy’s experience within a metropolitan area by investing in our magnet stores, building freestanding Backstage locations and testing new, off-mall store formats,” said Gennette. “The more convenient, brand-right touchpoints we have, the greater loyalty and engagement we engender. This will enable us to grow with the next generation of American shoppers.”"}
{"id": "doc6742", "text": " •The  company is implementing a new private brand sourcing strategy that is expected to reduce costs and improve speed and is redesigning its fulfillment network, which is expected to improve inventory productivity through increased sell throughs and lower markdown rates."}
{"id": "doc6743", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc6744", "text": "Macy’s is reportedly closing its technology office in San Francisco on April 1, with at least some layoffs as a result."}
{"id": "doc6745", "text": "According to Business Insider, Macy’s CEO Jeff Gennette informed the more than 1,000 employees at the office, including 880 full-time staffers and roughly 200 contract workers, of the upcoming closure. Operations conducted at the San Francisco office, which include product and digital revenue, Macys.com, and technology, will be moved to existing Macy’s offices in New York City and Atlanta."}
{"id": "doc6746", "text": "A Macy’s spokesperson said some employees will be given the opportunity to transfer to positions in the New York or Atlanta offices, and eligible employees will receive severance pay and outplacement assistance. A notice sent to the state of California indicates 831positions, including senior managers, engineers, and analysts, will be affected by the closure."}
{"id": "doc6747", "text": "Macy’s, which hosts an investor day on Wednesday, Feb. 5, recently confirmed it is closing 29 stores across the country following declines in same-store sales during the third quarter and holiday season 2019. "}
{"id": "doc6748", "text": "Walmart is increasing the speed and convenience of holiday shopping with help from emerging technology. It’s also kicking off the season earlier than it ever has before."}
{"id": "doc6749", "text": "The retail giant will launch its holiday shopping promotions online at midnight ET Friday, Oct. 25, with an early “Deals Drop.” (Special deals will be offered throughout the season.) The early start to the holiday comes as retailers are challenged by this year’s calendar which has six fewer shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. "}
{"id": "doc6750", "text": "The holidays at Walmart will officially begin this Friday at midnight, said Steve Bratspies, executive VP and chief merchandising officer, Walmart US, on a media call. In-store sales will start on November 1, he added. "}
{"id": "doc6751", "text": "In other holiday firsts, Walmart is offering free next-day delivery on “hundreds of thousands of eligible items.” In a dig at rival Amazon, the chain noted that the service has no membership fee."}
{"id": "doc6752", "text": "In stores, Walmart is ramping up the entertainment factor for holiday shoppers. Beginning Nov. 2, Walmart will offer events throughout the holiday season, including host-themed events for three family-friendly movies: Pokémon, Star Wars and Frozen 2. And Santa will make stops at Walmart stores nationwide on Nov. 9 and Dec. 7."}
{"id": "doc6753", "text": "The retailer is also offering four new omnichannel shopping services this holiday. These include: •    Gift finder: New this year, customers can search for gifts on Walmart.com with a digital gift finder tool that provides gift options for 40 different types of recipients. Customers provide information based on the recipient and their price range, and are served up personalized recommendations."}
{"id": "doc6754", "text": "•    Scannable toy catalog: For the first time, customers with iOS devices can use their phones to shop from the pages of Walmart’s seasonal toy catalog. Starting Nov. 1, this new digitized experience lets customers scan and shop hundreds of toys, including more than 150 exclusives, through the Walmart app."}
{"id": "doc6755", "text": "•    Expanded ‘Check Out With Me’:  The “Check Out With Me” service is now available in all Walmart supercenters, allowing customers to avoid lines at the register and check out with an associate right where they are shopping in the store."}
{"id": "doc6756", "text": "•    Expanded DotCom Store: The DotCom Store, which is also now available in all Walmart supercenters, lets customers work with associates to place an online order directly from the store if the customer cannot find the item they’re shopping for. Items are then sent directly to the customer’s home or to their nearest Walmart store for pickup."}
{"id": "doc6757", "text": "Walmart is reportedly subsidizing discount prices offered for some items on Walmart Marketplace."}
{"id": "doc6758", "text": "According to Bloomberg, Walmart is temporarily lowering the price paid by consumers for select merchandise sold on its marketplace site. In an effort called the Competitive Price Adjustment Program, third-party sellers pay Walmart a fee to list their products on its marketplace. "}
{"id": "doc6759", "text": "However, Walmart has confirmed to Bloomberg that sellers will still receive the previously advertised full price, with the discounter paying them the difference. Walmart sellers cannot request to be part of the Competitive Price Adjustment Program."}
{"id": "doc6760", "text": "This program is seen as a competitive strike against Amazon, which controls the prices on its own Amazon Marketplace third-party e-commerce platform and pressures sellers not be undercut by Walmart or other online retailers. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has reportedly been investigating Amazon for potential antitrust violations, including in how it operates Amazon Marketplace."}
{"id": "doc6761", "text": "To read the full Bloomberg article, click here."}
{"id": "doc6762", "text": "Amazon is reportedly developing a grocery store that will feature cashiers in a Chicago suburb."}
{"id": "doc6763", "text": "According to the Chicago Tribune, Amazon has filed for a Class D liquor license to sell goods at a site in Naperville, Ill., that once housed a Dominick’s grocery store. Renovations have reportedly been ongoing at the more than 30,000-sq.-ft- site, which also contains an operational L.A. Fitness location. "}
{"id": "doc6764", "text": "In addition, Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico confirmed to the Tribune that Amazon is opening a grocery store at the site, although Amazon declined to comment. There has been no announcement or confirmation of when a store will open there or what its name will be. Previously, Amazon said that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc6765", "text": "Amazon is also reported to be developing a roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. brick-and-mortar grocery store in Woodland Hills, Calif. Although this store is also expected to feature conventional checkout lanes, Hngry reports it will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. It is not clear whether the Naperville location will include microfulfillment."}
{"id": "doc6766", "text": "Amazon is simultaneously developing two separate grocery formats. The retailer recently opened its first Amazon Go Grocery store, which features a cashierless “Just Walk Out” shopping model, in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc6767", "text": "Amazon is making the technology supporting its Amazon Go checkout-free store format available to other retailers – for a price."}
{"id": "doc6768", "text": "The e-tail giant is now selling its “Just Walk Out” technology platform to enable other retailers to offer a cashierless shopping experience. The platform combines computer vision, sensor fusion, and machine-learning algorithms."}
{"id": "doc6769", "text": "Unlike the Just Walk Out experience at Amazon Go convenience and grocery locations, where customers identify themselves by scanning an app, the licensed version will have customers announce themselves with a credit card. According to Reuters, customers will insert a credit card into a gated turnstile marked with a “Just Walk Out technology by Amazon” logo."}
{"id": "doc6770", "text": "The rest of the shopping experience will be the same as the Amazon Go location, with items that customers pick up automatically added to a virtual shopping cart. If they return an item to a shelf, it is removed from their virtual cart. Their credit card will be billed for any items they take with them when they leave the store, without having to scan a barcode or wait in a checkout line. "}
{"id": "doc6771", "text": "To obtain a receipt, shoppers can enter their email address at a kiosk in the store and receive an email receipt. If they then use the same credit card at that or any other Just Walk Out-enabled store, they will automatically receive an email receipt."}
{"id": "doc6772", "text": "Amazon will work with retailers to install hardware for Just Walk Out, such as cameras and sensors, at existing stores while “minimizing impact” on operations or to include it in construction plans for new and remodeled stores. The e-tailer says installation can take as little as “a few weeks” from when it gains access to a store. Amazon says it will offer “all necessary technologies” and a 24/7 customer support line. "}
{"id": "doc6773", "text": "The company advises that Just Walk Out-enabled stores will still need human associates to perform tasks such as greeting customers, stocking shelves, and checking IDs for certain products. Amazon says it will only collect the data needed to provide an accurate receipt."}
{"id": "doc6774", "text": "“Do customers like standing in lines?” Dilip Kumar, Amazon VP of physical retail and technology, said to Reuters. “This has pretty broad applicability across store sizes, across industries, because it fundamentally tackles a problem of how do you get convenience in physical locations, especially when people are hard-pressed for time.”"}
{"id": "doc6775", "text": "Amazon did not offer estimates of how many retailers might want to implement Just Walk Out at their own stores or what the technology will cost. "}
{"id": "doc6776", "text": "Amazon opened its first Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, and its first Amazon Go Grocery location in February 2020."}
{"id": "doc6777", "text": "A major supermarket conglomerate is taking a page from Amazon’s grocery playbook."}
{"id": "doc6778", "text": "Ahold Delhaize USA, which operates supermarket banners including Food Lion, Giant, and Stop & Shop, is piloting a new frictionless store environment. Called “Lunchbox” and developed by the company’s Retail Business Services subsidiary, the format enables customers to scan in, shop, and walk out without having to stop at any type of checkout terminal."}
{"id": "doc6779", "text": "Currently being tested at Retail Business Services’ office in Quincy, Mass., Lunchbox is powered by a Retail Business Services proprietary app that admits shoppers to the store and charges them for purchases. Payment services such as PayPal, Venmo, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are integrated into the app’s wallet. "}
{"id": "doc6780", "text": "Inside the store, artificial intelligence (AI) technology running on Intel Core i5 and i7 processors-based systems optimized with the Intel Distribution of OpenVINO computer vision toolkit detects which products are being removed from shelves in the store, and anonymous body skeletal tracking connects the right products to the right shopper. "}
{"id": "doc6781", "text": "Retail Business Services partnered with digital transformation solutions company UST Global to develop the store. Retail Business Services led application development, technology connectivity and provided food retail operations expertise, while UST Global and its partners provided the AI technology solution and physical infrastructure for the store. According to Retail Business Services, it implemented the solution in six weeks and has successfully completed thousands of shops, with groups of up to 12 in the store at the same time."}
{"id": "doc6782", "text": "“Lunchbox is an easy, fresh shopping alternative,” said Paul Scorza, executive VP, IT and CIO for Retail Business Services. “Once registered, shoppers simply scan in, shop and walk out. It’s that easy. And it offers fresh, healthy options 24/7. You can grab a snack, a salad, fresh fruit or even a carton of milk on your way home.”"}
{"id": "doc6783", "text": "In a corporate video, Retail Business Services refers to the frictionless shopping technology as being a more affordable “fast follower” of other pioneers. Presumably this refers to the Amazon Go grocery store model, which eliminates the need for human cashiers, or cash payments. Cameras equipped with computer vision and facial recognition technology, as well as automatic sensors, keep track of the items customers take from shelves. When a shopper is ready to check out, they automatically pay with a registered credit or debit card inside the Amazon Go mobile app."}
{"id": "doc6784", "text": "Amazon currently operates 21 Amazon Go stores across the cities of Chicago, New York, San Francisco, and Seattle. Neither Amazon nor Ahold Delhaize USA have publicly released cost figures for their frictionless store formats."}
{"id": "doc6785", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc6786", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc6787", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc6788", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc6789", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc6790", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc6791", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc6792", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc6793", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc6794", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc6795", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc6796", "text": "Cybercriminals are adapting to retailer success in detecting payment fraud."}
{"id": "doc6797", "text": "According to the seventh edition of the Fraud Attack Index from e-commerce fraud prevention platform Forter, online fraud is evolving rapidly beyond the point of the transaction to accounts such as loyalty programs and abuse of return policies. Loyalty fraud has increased by 89% year-over-year, while the total dollar amount in online fraud has increased by 12% year over year."}
{"id": "doc6798", "text": "The Fraud Attack Index also shows that fraudsters are having significantly more success in account takeover (ATO) attacks, with 1.5 million consumers whose accounts had already been compromised had additional accounts opened in their name. Fraudsters transfer funds to these accounts from their victims’ legitimate accounts. This represents a factor of two increase from the previous high."}
{"id": "doc6799", "text": "The study also reveals that both buy-online-return-in-store (BORIS) fraud and buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) fraud increased by 23%. Coupon abuse saw an increase of 10%."}
{"id": "doc6800", "text": "In the face of shifting online fraud patterns, Forter advises retailers to implement a continuous and automated fraud prevention and detection approach that assesses events throughout the entirety of the customer journey. In addition to focusing on chargebacks and credit card fraud at the point of transaction, retailers need to address fraud in a holistic and accurate manner across the entire customer journey."}
{"id": "doc6801", "text": "“A clear trend in online fraud is emerging,” said Michael Reitblat, CEO and co-Founder of Forter. “The industry as a whole has done a tremendous job detecting and preventing payment fraud at the point of transaction. This eliminates the amateurs. We’re seeing fraudsters now shift their efforts earlier in the customer journey, gaining access to consumers’ accounts.”"}
{"id": "doc6802", "text": "It’s a new day, hopefully, for Forever 21. "}
{"id": "doc6803", "text": "The sale of the bankrupt fast-fashion retailer to brand management and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group, Simon Property Group and Brookfield Property Partners for $81.1 million has been finalized. Under the terms of the deal, ABG and Simon will each own 37.5% and Brookfield will own 25% of Forever 21’s intellectual property and operating businesses.  (The real purchase price of the deal is arguably much higher — around $300 million — when factoring in the liabilities that the buyers had agreed to assume, reported WWD.)"}
{"id": "doc6804", "text": "The new owners will maintain Forever 21’s headquarters in Los Angeles, as well as its e-commerce business. According to a report by Bloomberg, the owners also plan to keep most of the chain’s 448 U.S. stores open under the leadership of a new CEO that will be announced when the company emerges from Chapter 11."}
{"id": "doc6805", "text": "Forever 21 will convert its current, owned-store operations in Central America, South America, Mexico, the Philippines, and the Caribbean to a licensed partnership model. The new owners also plan to work with existing and new partners to expand Forever 21 across key territories, including South America, Western and Eastern Europe, China, Southeast Asia, Middle East, and India."}
{"id": "doc6806", "text": "“Forever 21 is a powerful retail brand with incredible consumer reach and a wealth of untapped potential,” said Jamie Salter, founder, chairman, and CEO of ABG. “We’re looking forward to working with the F21 team and our global partners. Together, we’ll revitalize the brand’s core business and connect with audiences around the world through new product offerings and experiences.”"}
{"id": "doc6807", "text": "ABG, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, said it will leverage its marketing expertise and global network of partners to inject new life into Forever 21, with an emphasis on trend-conscious design, speed to market, and moving towards a more sustainable supply chain. The strategy will focus on engaging Gen Z audiences by introducing refreshed creative, targeted digital campaigns, and influential collaborations. ABC manages a large portfolio of apparel and fashion brands, ranging from Juicy Couture and Vince Camuto to Jones New York and Nautica."}
{"id": "doc6808", "text": "Forever 21’s sale to two of the nation’s largest mall operators for the modest sum of $81 million is almost a done deal."}
{"id": "doc6809", "text": "A U.S. bankruptcy court judge indicated he would formally approve the sale of the former high-flying fast-fashion chain to Simon Property Group, Brookfield Property Partners and Authentic Brands once the parties finalized some smaller details that are still being negotiated. The new owners have agreed to pay $81 million in cash and assume certain liabilities, including $53 million in merchandise not yet paid for."}
{"id": "doc6810", "text": "The approval nod came after Forever 21, which filed for bankruptcy in September 2019, did not received any qualified bids beyond its stalking horse one by Simon, Brookfield and Authentic Brands. With no other offers, the retailer cancelled an auction for its business that was scheduled for Feb. 10. "}
{"id": "doc6811", "text": "“Clearly, this is the only bid, and the alternative is liquidation, which is certainly not in anyone’s interest,” said Judge Gross, reported WWD."}
{"id": "doc6812", "text": "The sale brings an end to the founding family’s control of the chain.  Forever 21 was founded in Los Angeles in 1984 by Korean immigrants Do Won Chang and his wife Jin Sook Chang. The Changs, who were eventually joined in the business by their daughters, built the company into a global $4 billion powerhouse. But overexpansion, increased competition and shifting consumer tastes ultimately took a toll on the chain. "}
{"id": "doc6813", "text": "Forever 21 racked up significant debts during bankruptcy, according to the WWD report. It estimates it owes some $120 million in unpaid claims to vendors who provided goods during the bankruptcy, and about $10 million to $15 million in similar administrative claims to non-merchandise vendors."}
{"id": "doc6814", "text": "Attorneys for vendor and exporter groups, who had filed objections in the case, have continued to raise concerns about how vendors would be paid after the sale closes, WWD said. "}
{"id": "doc6815", "text": "Forever 21 is looking to sell its retail business to a group that includes two of its biggest landlords."}
{"id": "doc6816", "text": "According to documents filed in bankruptcy court, the fast-fashion chain has reached an agreement to sell its assets to a group of buyers that includes Simon Property Group Inc., Brookfield Property Partners and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group for $81.1 million. In the filing, Forever 21 said it is seeking approval to name the three companies at the lead, stalking-horse bidders in an auction. The sale would include most of Forever 21s assets, including its namesake stores, RileyRose beauty stores and its e-commerce platforms."}
{"id": "doc6817", "text": "Other potential buyers have until Friday, Feb.7, to make a counteroffer. If other bids come forth, an auction will be held on Feb. 10. Forever 21 is looking to seek approval of the sale by Feb. 11.  (The Chang family that founded and operates the chain has been working to make an offer by joining up with a private-equity company, the Wall Street Journal reported.)"}
{"id": "doc6818", "text": "Forever 21 filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September, with a plan to close most of its global locations and up to 178 U.S. stores. The company had a total of 815 stores at the time of the filing including 549 locations in the U.S. (It has closed some 100 U.S. stores since the filing.) In court fillings in December, Forever 21 disclosed it has renegotiated its loan to avoid a default in bankruptcy. "}
{"id": "doc6819", "text": "This is not the first time mall owners have stepped in to save a major tenant from likely liquidation and the resulting vacant storefronts in their properties. In 2016, Simon and General Growth Properties, now owned by Brookfield Properties, partnered together as part of a group that won an auction to buy the Aeropostale brand out of bankruptcy court, ultimately keeping its stores open."}
{"id": "doc6820", "text": "Simon and Brookfield ranks among Forever 21’s largest unsecured creditors. "}
{"id": "doc6821", "text": "The third partner in the group to save Forever 21 is Authentic Brands Group, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, after it filed for bankruptcy."}
{"id": "doc6822", "text": "The nation’s largest mall operator is getting bigger."}
{"id": "doc6823", "text": "Simon Property Group Inc. has entered into an agreement to acquire Taubman Centers in a deal valued at approximately $3.6 billion. Simon will acquire all of Taubman’s common stock for $52.50 a share in cash (a 51% premium to Taubman closing price on Friday, Feb.7). The Taubman family, which is selling approximately one-third of its ownership interest, will retain a 20% stake in Taubman Realty Group."}
{"id": "doc6824", "text": "Taubman owns, manages or leases  26 premium shopping malls in the U.S. and Asia, including The Mall at Short Hills in Short Hills, N.J., and Beverly Center in Los Angeles. The company will continue to be managed by its existing executive team under the leadership of Taubman chairman, president and CEO Robert S. Taubman, in partnership with Simon. Simon and Taubman said they will together “to implement best practices to achieve operational efficiencies and will eliminate Taubmans public company costs immediately following closing.”"}
{"id": "doc6825", "text": "Simon, which recently partnered with Authentic Brands Group and Brookfield Property Partners to make a bid for bankrupt retailer Forever 21, said it expects the deal with Taubman to immediately boost its funds from operations, adding at least 3% on an annualized basis. Among Simon’s properties are Copley Place in Boston, and King of Prussia Mall in King of Prussia, Pa. "}
{"id": "doc6826", "text": "“By joining together, we will enhance the ability of TRG to invest in innovative retail environments that create exciting shopping and entertainment experiences for consumers, immersive opportunities for retailers, and substantial new job prospects for local communities,” David Simon, chairman, president and CEO, Simon. "}
{"id": "doc6827", "text": "Since Taubman Centers founding 70 years ago, we have built a portfolio of high-quality assets and continuously adapted to the evolving retail landscape. I am proud of all that this companys talented employees have achieved and am thrilled to have the opportunity to join together with Simon through this joint venture,” said Robert Taubman. “Over the last few years, David and I have developed an excellent personal relationship and importantly, Simon shares our commitment to serving retailers, shoppers and the communities in which we operate. The Board and I are confident that Simon is the ideal partner to help us build on our progress."}
{"id": "doc6828", "text": "The deal, which is subject to regulatory and shareholder approval, is expected to close by mid-2020. The Taubman family, which owns about 29% of the voting stock, has agreed to vote in favor of the deal. "}
{"id": "doc6829", "text": "This is a developing story. Check back later for updates."}
{"id": "doc6830", "text": "It appears that male shoppers are very price-conscious."}
{"id": "doc6831", "text": "Price is the number one consideration for men when it comes to making a purchase, according to a study of men’s shopping habits by daVinci Payments. And in line with current eco-friendly and cost-saving trends, men are also moving toward consignment and resale purchases more than ever before. More than 50% of respondents either frequently or regularly purchase used products or take advantage of rental sites."}
{"id": "doc6832", "text": "Two-thirds of respondents prefer richer rebates over instant discounts, the study found. In addition, 80% will spend back prepaid rewards when provided a savings offer with the reward."}
{"id": "doc6833", "text": "In other study findings:"}
{"id": "doc6834", "text": "•    The majority of male shoppers, especially younger men, have more income and buying power this year;•    Fifty-three percent do more than half of their total shopping online;•    Most prefer online shopping for its convenience;•    Forty-percent make more than half of their online purchases from their smartphone;•    The majority claim greater loyalty to brands that surprise them with savings offers;•    Sixty-seven percent believe name brands are 16% more expensive than private label brands; and•    Most men are neutral in preferences between name brands and private label brands."}
{"id": "doc6835", "text": "“Men’s price sensitivity and preference for rebates provides a significant opportunity to attract them with best in market price offers,” said Rodney Mason, daVinci Payments’ chief revenue officer “When their rebate reward is instantly delivered to their phone with a relevant offer attached, they say they will spend it back where the original purchase was made and it makes them more loyal.” As brands fight to foster loyalty among male shoppers, ongoing surprise offers and value rewards to encourage future spending will be key.”"}
{"id": "doc6836", "text": "Macy’s is partnering with a first-of-its-kind venture capital fund on a new in-store initiative."}
{"id": "doc6837", "text": "The department store retailer is opening in-store shops in its New York flagship and six other locations dedicated to products from a variety of women-led small businesses. The SoGifted shops are made possible via a partnership with SoGal Ventures, the first female-led millennial venture capital fund investing in diverse U.S. entrepreneurs in the United States. Macy’s recently took a minority stake in the fund. "}
{"id": "doc6838", "text": "The SoGifted shops feature a selection of products from women-founded brands in the SoGal community, including Lovevery, toys designed by experts for a child’s developing brain, Neely & Chloe, a fashion-forward accessories range, and TomboyX, a size and gender inclusive line of underwear and pajamas "}
{"id": "doc6839", "text": "The shops will be open through January 2020."}
{"id": "doc6840", "text": "The new initiative is also part of Macy’s ongoing partnership with b8ta, operator of the Ark Marketplace platform that allows brands that traditionally haven’t operated stores to quickly set up new physical retail operations. The b8ta-powered platform enabled SoGal’s range of entrepreneurs to set up shop at Macy’s within a matter of weeks."}
{"id": "doc6841", "text": "“Our mission is to build a firm that embodies the cultural values that we want to see in the world,” said Elizabeth Galbut, SoGal Ventures co-founder. “With the partnership at Macy’s we’re taking this a step further and giving in-store shoppers across the country an opportunity to discover and support female-led small business brands - so the next generation of women can be empowered to know that entrepreneurship is within their reach.”"}
{"id": "doc6842", "text": "SoGifted will be featured at the following Macy’s store locations through January 31, 2020:"}
{"id": "doc6843", "text": "•    Herald Square (NYC) - on the Mezzanine•    Lenox Square (Atlanta) - on the main floor•    Fashion Show (Las Vegas) - on the main floor•    Northshore (Boston) - on the main floor•    North Star (San Antonio) - on the main floor•    Twelve Oaks (Detroit) - on the main floor•    Galleria (Ft. Lauderdale) - on the main floor"}
{"id": "doc6844", "text": "Amazon is reportedly preparing to open more than 12 grocery stores in greater Los Angeles."}
{"id": "doc6845", "text": "According to CNBC, the e-tailer has signed leases for over a dozen brick-and-mortar retail stores in Los Angeles-area locations including Woodland Hills, Studio City, and Irvine. The stores will operate separately from Amazon’s Whole Foods grocery chain and measure about 35,000-sq.-ft."}
{"id": "doc6846", "text": "Following up on an initial report in the Wall Street Journal, CNBC said Amazon plans to open other grocery stores in San Francisco, Seattle, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia. Some of the stores located in Southern California may open before the end of this year. "}
{"id": "doc6847", "text": "Amazon has been expanding its physical presence with brick-and-mortar initiative such as Amazon Go cashierless stores and curated Amazon 4-star stores."}
{"id": "doc6848", "text": "It is unclear how the new grocery stores will be branded. Amazon declined comment. To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc6849", "text": "Retailers and consumers of fur in the Golden State will have a much smaller product assortment. "}
{"id": "doc6850", "text": "California Gov. Gavin Newsom has signed Assembly Bill 44, the California State Fur Ban, into law. The law outlaws the sale and manufacture of new items made from fur animals including, mink, rabbit, and coyote. There are exceptions for used fur garments, fur that is used for religious purposes, leather products, deerskin, sheepskin, and goatskin."}
{"id": "doc6851", "text": "The bill was introduced following sales bans in the California cities of West Hollywood, Berkeley, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. The West Hollywood, Berkeley, and San Francisco bans have gone into effect and the Los Angeles law will go into effect January 2021. The statewide bill provides a phase-out period for retailers and manufacturers and will go into effect on Jan. 1, 2023."}
{"id": "doc6852", "text": "Bill supports say coyotes, chinchillas, foxes, mink, rabbits, and other fur-bearing animals are subjected to unregulated killing methods, such as being gassed, electrocuted, or having their necks broken. In addition, proponents say furs from dogs, cats, raccoons, rodents and other animals are often undisclosed or intentionally mislabeled by manufacturers, and fur products are often preserved with carcinogenic chemicals."}
{"id": "doc6853", "text": "“There is no humane way to skin an animal for their fur. And absolutely no reason for an animal to suffer so horribly for the sake of fashion,” said Marc Ching, president of Animal Hope in Legislation. “The passage of this landmark piece of legislation shows that as a society we are progressing towards a more compassionate future.”"}
{"id": "doc6854", "text": "Public supporters of the bill have included retailers such as Hugo Boss, H&M, Zara, and Diane Von Fustenberg."}
{"id": "doc6855", "text": "Barneys New York is closer to a deal to keep its brand alive."}
{"id": "doc6856", "text": "The bankrupt luxury retailer has approved an approximately $271.4 million so-called “stalking-horse bid”  from licensing firm Authentic Brands Group and one of its debtor-in-possession lenders (B. Riley Financial Inc.), according to a court filing late Wednesday. The agreement involves “substantially all” of Barneys’ assets, but it could exclude certain leases, reported WWD."}
{"id": "doc6857", "text": "According to some previous reports, ABG plans to acquire the Barneys brand and license the name to Hudson’s Bay Co., which would create Barneys in-store shops within Saks Fifth Avenue locations. Under Authentic’s bid, the status of Barneys’ Madison Avenue flagship in Manhattan is still under discussion, according to various reports."}
{"id": "doc6858", "text": "The agreement with ABG will set the baseline bid for any competing offers, with an auction scheduled to take place by Oct. 24."}
{"id": "doc6859", "text": "eBay’s latest holiday marketing efforts include shoppable videos and a physical pop-up."}
{"id": "doc6860", "text": "The e-commerce marketplace has been busy since ending its self-imposed ban on holiday promotions on Nov. 1. In what it described as a brick-and-mortar alternative to visiting crowded stores on Black Friday, eBay will open a pop-up, “Black Friday Escape Room,” in downtown Manhattan. The multi-room installation, at 163 Mercer Street, will be open on one day only, Friday, Nov. 29, from 8 a.m. – 3 p.m. Customers will be able to compete in fun holiday challenges and puzzles and visit eBays “Zen Room,” where they can sip hot, holiday-themed drinks and shop eBays holiday selection and deals."}
{"id": "doc6861", "text": "On the digital front, eBay is partnering with Verizon Media’s new shoppable video format. The e-tailer will integrate a selection of one-of-a-kind and trending products from top brands into shoppable carousels beneath gift guide videos. Verizon Media will also roll out a series of videos featuring influencers like tech and gaming expert Brian Tong and reality TV star Tanner Tolbert to highlight eBay products across lifestyle, tech and sports."}
{"id": "doc6862", "text": "In addition, eBay and Verizon Media subsidiary Yahoo have created a multifaceted content and commerce campaign aimed at male holiday shoppers. The elements include a “Holiday Guide for Guys” hub, a unique destination on Yahoo Lifestyle which aggregates holiday shopping content, as well as expert-driven original articles that share male-themed eBay gift ideas for 2019. "}
{"id": "doc6863", "text": "“Together with Verizon Media’s shoppable content capabilities and the gifting expertise of influencers like Brian and Tanner, we’re offering eBay’s amazing selection of inventory to help guys everywhere find the best gifts to give and ask for,” said Suzy Deering, chief marketing officer for eBay Americas. “From rare collectibles to trending fashion and retro-inspired gadgets to the latest tech, eBay provides the value and selection that shoppers are looking for as they seek out gifting inspiration this holiday season.”"}
{"id": "doc6864", "text": "eBay is also running a Black Friday Preview sale. From Nov. 19-28 (Thanksgiving Day), eBay will offer discounted prices with free shipping across a variety of categories including electronics, kitchenware, sneakers, toys, jewelry, and apparel. And starting Thanksgiving week, eBay will reveal “Cyber 5” savings including Black Friday (Nov. 29), and Cyber Monday (Dec. 2) deals. Customers will find thousands of deep discounts daily at 5am PT / 8am PT. "}
{"id": "doc6865", "text": "This is the busiest time of year for consumers; and with the shortest possible holiday shopping season this year, every day counts, so were releasing amazing deals on the largest selection of gifts before Thanksgiving weekend even begins, said Sam Bright, VP and GM of merchandising. Were offering our customers deep discounts on what they really want this year, all at a great value from tech, fashion, home decor, toys, sporting goods and more."}
{"id": "doc6866", "text": "Additionally, eBay is offering a “Best Price Guarantee” that gives shoppers 110% of the price difference on eligible items if they find one for less on a competitor’s website, and no blackout dates on deals. "}
{"id": "doc6867", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods efforts to avoid bankruptcy have apparently failed. "}
{"id": "doc6868", "text": "The New York-based athletic gear retailer is prepping to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, reported the New York Post. Modell’s has stopped shopping for a white-knight investor as it scrambles to renegotiate its 140 leases across the New York metro area, company CEO Mitch Modell told the Post. It is also giving up on renegotiating terms with its vendors."}
{"id": "doc6869", "text": "Modell’s is hoping that Denver-based sportswear retailer JackRabbit will buy it out of Chapter 11, according to the report, which cited a source with knowledge of the situation. Modell himself did not comment on whether the company is in discussions with JackRabbit. He told the Post that “a lot of companies are taking a look at us.”"}
{"id": "doc6870", "text": "To read the full Post article, click here."}
{"id": "doc6871", "text": "A regional sporting goods chain is getting an assist in transforming to a cloud-based enterprise."}
{"id": "doc6872", "text": "Modell’s Sporting Goods is partnering with TierPoint, a provider of secure, connected data center and cloud solutions at the edge of the Internet, to leverage IBM infrastructure and other cloud services. The retailer is moving away from the traditional data center model to a flexible, scalable, cloud-based infrastructure."}
{"id": "doc6873", "text": "Our IT operations, including computing and infrastructure resource needs, are a key component of our ability to succeed in a highly competitive retail marketplace,” said Modell CTO Vincent Damiano. “In the retail industry today, you are constantly looking for ways to stay ahead of the competition and you need the ability to adapt and change fast. We chose TierPoint as a partner in this area due to their experience, reputation and comprehensive suite of services that allow us the real-time flexibility in managing our computing resource needs to support our business."}
{"id": "doc6874", "text": "Modell’s has already demonstrated it sees cloud-enabling operations as a key component of staying competitive in 21st century retail. Earlier in November, the retailer rolled out the Domo cloud platform, with more than 1,000 pre-built connectors and a mobile-first design, to automatically update enterprise data and make it available via mobile device. "}
{"id": "doc6875", "text": "As a result, store managers have more control over each day’s performance by knowing what’s selling and optimizing that inventory. In addition, executives can more holistically understand the areas of the business that are doing well or may need attention. "}
{"id": "doc6876", "text": "Headquartered in New York City and family-run, Modells Sporting Goods operates over 150 stores located in nine East Coast states and the District of Columbia, as well as a national e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc6877", "text": "Citi Trends is accelerating its move away from apparel. And it’s still looking for a CEO."}
{"id": "doc6878", "text": "As part of a previously announced comprehensive strategic initiative, the value-priced urban fashions retailer said it is moving “aggressively” to more gift-giving merchandise during the holiday season and expanded home assortments throughout the year. New fixtures have been added to Citi Trend stores to accommodate the shift, whose early results are encouraging, the company said."}
{"id": "doc6879", "text": "Commenting on Citi Trend’s third-quarter results, Bruce Smith, president and CEO, said that the company’s ongoing efforts to shift the merchandise mix more towards the accessory and home categories contributed to its best comparable-store sales result since last year’s second quarter. "}
{"id": "doc6880", "text": "“Comparable store sales increased 2.6% in the quarter,” Smith said, “with October registering the largest increase, benefiting from an accelerated shift towards our non-apparel merchandise.”"}
{"id": "doc6881", "text": "In line with its new strategic initiative, Citi Trends aims to open 25 to 30 new stores annually and complete major remodels in 50 existing stores each year. Citi Trends currently operates 566 stores in 33 states."}
{"id": "doc6882", "text": "“We have already approved 14 new store locations to be opened in 2020 and expect to perform major remodels in 20 stores in January 2020, followed closely by 30 more stores in the second quarter of 2020,” the company stated."}
{"id": "doc6883", "text": "In other news, Citi Trends appointed Peter Sachse, a board member and “special advisor” to the CEO as interim CEO, effective as of December 9, 2019. As previously announced, Smith is stepping down as CEO, but will remain as president until Feb. 1. The retailer is continuing its search for a permanent CEO."}
{"id": "doc6884", "text": "Citi Trends had a net loss of $1.1 million, or $0.09 per diluted share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, compared with a net loss of $0.5 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, in last year’s third quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses in this year’s third quarter included approximately $0.7 million of costs associated with the planned CEO transition and board changes reported previously. "}
{"id": "doc6885", "text": "Total sales increased 4.4% to $183.1 million. Comparable store sales increased 2.6% in the quarter."}
{"id": "doc6886", "text": "David Yurman has opened an expansive jewelry boutique — and the only family-owned business — on one of Manhattan’s most luxurious blocks. "}
{"id": "doc6887", "text": "Located on 57th Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues, the new, 5,000-sq.ft.  David Yurman has a triple-height entryway that welcomes shoppers into the three-floor space. The assortment features David Yurman products across all categories, including high jewelry, womens, mens, wedding and watches. It also includes a curated assortment of exclusive, limited-edition pieces, only available at the 57th Street flagship."}
{"id": "doc6888", "text": "The store’s design, overseen by David Yurman chief creative officer Evan Yurman reflects the brand’s heritage and the familys journey from art to jewelry. A rose gold-hued façade defines the exterior while the interior includes a custom-designed wood ceiling, digital heritage wall and vintage furniture pieces. "}
{"id": "doc6889", "text": "Tech elements, including video walls with seasonal content and mobile points of sale are located throughout, the space, which also boasts wireless charging stations integrated into furniture in the private salon area. In addition to same-day delivery throughout New York City and car services to bring top clients to the store, the store features an on-site jeweler who provides such services as resizing, repairs and consultations for custom designs."}
{"id": "doc6890", "text": "This store is an opportunity to tell our brand story and create a unique customer experience. Its an open, optimistic, airy, inviting place — just like our business, just like our jewelry, just like our family, said Evan Yurman. I look at this store as an extension of a piece of jewelry that I might create. Something both familiar and modern."}
{"id": "doc6891", "text": "David Yurman operates 49 stores throughout the United States, Canada, Hong Kong and France, and its collections are also available at more than 300 locations worldwide."}
{"id": "doc6892", "text": "Kirkland’s is closing some stores as part of a larger streamlining effort to transform its business to a more profitable model. "}
{"id": "doc6893", "text": "The home décor retailer said it has further reduced expenses at its corporate office and is planning to close 27 stores in early 2020, with the potential for further closings later in the year as part of its goal to “right size” its store base. Kirkland’s currently operates 432 stores in 37 states. "}
{"id": "doc6894", "text": "The home décor retailer also announced it has “mutually parted ways” with president and COO Michael Cairnes. Kirkland’s CEO, Woody Woodward, will add the role of president and will oversee operations in addition to his ongoing responsibilities across merchandising and marketing."}
{"id": "doc6895", "text": "Also, the company has promoted John Stacy, currently VP of supply chain, to senior VP of supply chain, and Jeff Martin, currently VP of transformation, to senior VP of omnichannel retail. Stacy will continue to lead initiatives focusing on supply chain and direct sourcing and Martin will oversee store and e-commerce operations."}
{"id": "doc6896", "text": "“These moves reflect steps to streamline the organization and further accelerate our initiatives to transform the business to a more profitable model, said Woodward. As we have outlined, our plan includes efforts to improve the relevancy and quality of our merchandise assortment, to operate with greater efficiency, and to lower our cost of goods as we evolve to a true omnichannel model that reinforces Kirklands value heritage.”"}
{"id": "doc6897", "text": "The nation’s largest retailer of maternity wear has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection amid sagging sales, increased competition and changing customer tastes. "}
{"id": "doc6898", "text": "Destination Maternity listed $260 million in assets and $240 million in debts in its filing with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. The company, which in August announced it was reviewing strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, said the process has “already yielded indications of interest from several credible bidders.”  "}
{"id": "doc6899", "text": "To fund its operations during the Chapter 11 process, Destination Maternity obtained consent to use cash collateral from all of its prepetition secured lenders. In connection with the agreement, binding bids for the company must be submitted by December 5, 2019, with an auction to be held on December 9, 2019. The bankruptcy court must approve the sale by December 12, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc6900", "text": "Destination Maternity said it intends to use the Chapter 11 process to optimize operations, including right-sizing its brick-and-mortar store footprint.  "}
{"id": "doc6901", "text": "“In a challenging retail environment, we have had to make some very tough choices, but we are confident that the steps taken today provide an opportunity to continue a marketing process that provides the most efficient means of maximizing value to our stakeholders,” said Lisa Gavales, chair of the Office of the CEO, which was created in June to oversee the chain during its search for a CEO. “Throughout this process we will be focused on developing the promising interest already shown by potential bidders, and maintaining operational momentum toward a stronger business.”"}
{"id": "doc6902", "text": "As of August 3, 2019, Destination Maternity operated 446 stores in the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico under three banners: Motherhood Maternity, A Pea in the Pod and Destination Maternity, along with 491 leased departments in department stores and baby specialty stores throughout the U.S. and Canada. It also operates international stores via franchising.  Net sales for the first six months of fiscal 2019 decreased 10.3% to $179.1 million.   It reported a net loss of $14.3 million in fiscal 2018. "}
{"id": "doc6903", "text": "Kirkland & Ellis LLP is acting as the company’s legal counsel, Greenhill & Co is acting as investment banker and Berkeley Research Group is serving as Destination Maternity’s restructuring advisor. BRG’s Robert J. Duffy has been appointed as the company’s chief restructuring officer."}
{"id": "doc6904", "text": "Costco Wholesale Corp. came strong out of the gate in the first month of the year."}
{"id": "doc6905", "text": "The membership warehouse club retailer reported net sales of $11.57 billion for the four weeks ended February 2, 2020, up 8% from $10.71 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales (excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange) rose 5.3%, with a 5.6% increase in the U.S. E-commerce comparable sales surged 17.2%. "}
{"id": "doc6906", "text": "Costco currently operates 785 warehouses, including 546 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 11 in Australia, two in Spain, and one each in Iceland, France, and China. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc6907", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc6908", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6909", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc6910", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc6911", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc6912", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc6913", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc6914", "text": "A soon-to-be-spun-off specialty denim retailer is collaborating with a leading online consignment marketplace."}
{"id": "doc6915", "text": "Madewell, a subsidiary of J. Crew which is slated to be split from its struggling parent company, is partnering with ThredUp to curate a selection of its pre-owned jeans. Known as “The Madewell Archive,” the assortment will be available in select Madewell stores in Austin, Chicago, Nashville, and New York City on Oct. 14 and in California on Nov. 1. "}
{"id": "doc6916", "text": "The Madewell Archive will feature a curated selection of past Madewell styles that have been rerouted from ThredUp. Each pair of jeans will be hand-selected, washed and refurbished, then placed back into Madewell stores at a price of $50."}
{"id": "doc6917", "text": "ThredUp, which reportedly intends to expand to 100 physical stores, enjoys a strong following among millennials and has been partnering with a number of established brick-and-mortar retailers. This includes recent announcements of dedicated store-within-a-store locations ThredUp will open at select J.C. Penney and Macy’s stores."}
{"id": "doc6918", "text": "Madewell is entering resale as the market for previously owned merchandise is booming. According to a recent report from ThredUp and GlobalData, revealed that 56 million women bought secondhand products in 2018, an increase of 12 million new secondhand shoppers from the previous year. It also found that 51% of resale shoppers plan to spend even more on thrift in the next five years."}
{"id": "doc6919", "text": "McAlister’s Deli will see franchise growth in Florida, Louisiana, and Texas."}
{"id": "doc6920", "text": "The fast-casual restaurant chain has signed a new development deal with Best Choice Restaurants, an affiliate of Sun Holdings Inc., a franchise organization founded by mega-multi-unit operator Guillermo Perales. In addition to developing 47 restaurants over the next seven years, Sun Holdings has consolidated several franchises to get to 51 locations throughout the four states: 36 in Texas, eight in Florida, four in New Mexico, and three in Louisiana. "}
{"id": "doc6921", "text": "Sun Holdings operates Burger King, Arbys, Golden Corral, CiCis, Krispy Kreme, T-Mobile, Taco Bueno, McAlisters Deli, and GNC locations across the country. During the past three years, the company has developed more than 200 locations and 200 remodels."}
{"id": "doc6922", "text": "In addition to its franchise agreements with Best Choice Restaurants, McAlister’s Deli is continuing with expansion and is currently targeting new markets across the U.S. McAlisters Franchisor SPV LLC currently has more than 450 restaurants in 27 states and is part of the Focus Brands portfolio, including Auntie Annes, Carvel, Cinnabon, Jamba, Moes Southwest Grill, and Schlotzskys Austin Eatery. All franchisees within the McAlisters Deli system have the ability to use Focus Brands shared services, including marketing, real estate, and technology."}
{"id": "doc6923", "text": "This particular development deal marks a very significant milestone for our brand, as it is one of the largest number of franchises that we have sold in a single transaction in our company history,” said Joe Guith, president of McAlisters Deli. “This transaction accelerates our nationwide growth plans. Perales is the owner and operator of several iconic brands, and his investment in McAlisters Deli showcases the strength of our business model and franchise opportunity.”"}
{"id": "doc6924", "text": "As a segment leader with strong unit-level economics that consistently outperform competing brands, McAlisters Deli exceeded our criteria and was the obvious choice, said Perales, founder and CEO of Sun Holdings, Inc. We are honored to be able to expand our impact in the communities we serve by offering great tasting food as well as contributions to education and meals for the underserved."}
{"id": "doc6925", "text": "Victoria’s Secret may be going private."}
{"id": "doc6926", "text": "L Brands, parent company of Victoria’s Secret and Bed, Bath & Body Works, is close to a deal to selling the troubled lingerie brand to private equity firm Sycamore Partners, reported CNBC. The deal could be announced this week, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc6927", "text": "Falling revenue at Victoria’s Secret has continued to take a toll on L Brands’ performance. The brand’s same-store sales fell 7% in its third quarter, compared to a 2% decrease in the year-ago period. Victoria’s Secret has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusion, and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. "}
{"id": "doc6928", "text": "In January, reports surfaced that Les Wexner, founder and chief executive of L Brands and the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company, may be stepping down from his post — and selling Victoria’s Secret."}
{"id": "doc6929", "text": "L Brands and Sycamore declined comment in the CNBC report. "}
{"id": "doc6930", "text": "The founder and chief executive of L Brands — the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company — may be stepping down from his post — and selling Victoria’s Secret."}
{"id": "doc6931", "text": "Lex Wexner, a pioneer of mall-based specialty store retailing, is in discussions to step down as CEO of L Brands, parent company of Victoria’s Secret and Bath & Body Works. The news was first reported by the Wall Street Journal, which also said that Wexner is exploring options for the ailing lingerie brand, including a full or partial sale. Wexner, L Brands’ largest shareholder with a 16% stake, could stay on as company chairman, according to the report. "}
{"id": "doc6932", "text": "Wexner, 82, is coming off a hard year. Last summer, he came under intense scrutiny for his association with disgraced late financier Jeffrey Epstein, who reportedly managed Wexner’s personal finances and served as trustee of his charitable foundation. (Wexner, who has not been accused of criminal wrongdoing, cut his ties with Epstein more than a decade ago.)"}
{"id": "doc6933", "text": "On the business side, falling revenue at Victoria’s Secret has continued to take a toll on L Brands’ performance. The brand’s same-store sales fell 7% in its third quarter, compared to a 2% decrease in the year-ago period. Victoria’s Secret has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusion, and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. "}
{"id": "doc6934", "text": "Wexner opened his first store, The Limited, in 1963, in Kingsdale Mall, in Upper Arlington, Ohio. From that one store, he went on to grow a sprawling retail empire. Wexner bought Victorias Secret for $1 million in 1982. At the time, the company, which was on the verge of bankruptcy, operated six lingerie shops in San Francisco. He has been CEO of the brand ever since. "}
{"id": "doc6935", "text": "L Brands has big plans for its growing Bath & Body Works business. "}
{"id": "doc6936", "text": "The retailer reported that fourth quarter net sales fell to $4.7 billion from $4.85 billion in the year-ago period; same-store sales fell 2%. The completed quarter is likely the last one in which L Brands will report results for Victoria’s Secret. As reported, it sold a majority stake in its intimates business to Sycamore Partners."}
{"id": "doc6937", "text": "In its earnings statement, L Brands noted that its Bath & Body Works division reported record fourth quarter and full-year results. For the year, Bath & Body Works’ North America   had a comp-sales increase of 10%, with a 5% increase in stores and a 32% increase in its direct business. Sales increased 12% to $5.170 billion."}
{"id": "doc6938", "text": "Going forward, L Brands intends to ramp up the expansion of Bath & Body Works — but with a slightly different real estate approach. It plans to open a net of 70 U.S. stores this year, up from 18 in 2019, with the majority located in strip centers. Currently, about 45% of Bath & Body Works stores are not in enclosed shopping malls. "}
{"id": "doc6939", "text": "The growth in store count in 2020 is expected to be substantially all outside of enclosed shopping malls, said Stuart Burgdoerfer, executive VP and CFO, L Brands, on the companys earning call.  He added that the new stores will be in power strips with a very strong economic profile."}
{"id": "doc6940", "text": "At the end of the fourth quarter, Bath & Body Works had 1,637 U.S. stores and 102 in Canada."}
{"id": "doc6941", "text": "L Brands’ sales fell in the crucial holiday shopping season amid the ongoing decline of its signature Victoria’s Secret brand. "}
{"id": "doc6942", "text": "The company reported net sales of $3.9 billion for the nine weeks ended Jan. 4, 2020, compared to net sales of approximately $4.1 billion in the year-ago period. Total same-store sales decreased 3% compared to a 4% increase last year."}
{"id": "doc6943", "text": "By brand, Victoria’s Secret same-store sales fell 12% during the November and December shopping season, compared to a 4% decline last year. Comparable sales at Bath & Body Works rose 9%, on top of a 14% increase in the year-ago period."}
{"id": "doc6944", "text": "L Brands now expects to report fourth quarter earnings per share of about $1.85 versus its previous guidance of about $2.00."}
{"id": "doc6945", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said that while Victoria’s Secret made an effort over the holiday, it did not bear fruit “because, as usual, marketing and merchandising were misplaced.” "}
{"id": "doc6946", "text": "“Consumers were looking for cozy, but the brand delivered risqué,” he said. “That meant many shoppers went elsewhere. In our view, this misalignment between what Victoria’s Secret stands for and what now consumers want is the central issue and is one that the company seems unable to get to grips with."}
{"id": "doc6947", "text": "An athletic apparel/footwear giant is reportedly parting ways with an e-commerce giant."}
{"id": "doc6948", "text": "According to CNBC, Nike has confirmed that it will wrap up a pilot it launched in 2017 to sell merchandise directly to Amazon. Under the agreement, Nike acted as a wholesaler to Amazon, providing a limited assortment of apparel and footwear merchandise for Amazon to resell at retail price. In exchange, Amazon pledged to more strongly control counterfeit and unauthorized sales of Nike products on its site."}
{"id": "doc6949", "text": "“As part of Nike’s focus on elevating consumer experiences through more direct, personal relationships, we have made the decision to complete our current pilot with Amazon Retail,” Nike said in an emailed statement to CNBC. “We will continue to invest in strong, distinctive partnerships for Nike with other retailers and platforms to seamlessly serve our consumers globally.”"}
{"id": "doc6950", "text": "Nike will continue using Amazon Web Services to support its e-commerce site and some mobile apps. The move comes shortly after Nike’s naming of former eBay CEO John Donahoe as its new chief executive, effective in January 2020."}
{"id": "doc6951", "text": "To read the full article, click here. "}
{"id": "doc6952", "text": "A digital executive is set to take the reins at Nike."}
{"id": "doc6953", "text": "The athletic sportswear giant announced that its CEO, Mark Parker, will step down in January. Parker, a 40-year Nike veteran who has served as CEO since 2006 and as chairman since 2016, will become executive chairman and continue to lead the board."}
{"id": "doc6954", "text": "In a nod to the brand’s increased emphasis on digital, Nike appointed John Donahoe as its next CEO, effective Jan.13, 2020. Donahoe is the current president and CEO of ServiceNow and chairman of PayPal Holdings. From 2008 through 2015, he was president and CEO of eBay, and previously was the CEO and worldwide managing director of Bain & Co. Donahoe will remain on the Nike board, where he has been a member since 2014."}
{"id": "doc6955", "text": "“I am delighted John will join our team,” stated Parker. “His expertise in digital commerce, technology, global strategy and leadership combined with his strong relationship with the brand, make him ideally suited to accelerate our digital transformation and to build on the positive impact of our consumer direct offense.”"}
{"id": "doc6956", "text": "Nike is ramping up its ability to anticipate consumer needs by buying a company that uses data to predict customer behavior."}
{"id": "doc6957", "text": "The athletic footwear and apparel giant announced it has acquired Celect, a Boston-based retail predictive analytics and demand-sensing firm. Nike said the acquisition fuels its “consumer direct offense” strategy “to serve consumers personally at a global scale.” Financial terms of the deal weren’t disclosed."}
{"id": "doc6958", "text": "“With the acquisition of Celect, Nike greatly accelerates our digital advantage by adding a platform developed by world-class data scientists,” said Eric Sprunk, COO, Nike. “As demand for our product grows, we must be insight-driven, data optimized and hyper-focused on consumer behavior. This is how we serve consumers more personally at scale.”"}
{"id": "doc6959", "text": "Celect’s team will immediately be integrated into Nike’s global operations team. The company’s co-founders will continue as tenured professors at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and will consult with Nike on an ongoing basis."}
{"id": "doc6960", "text": "“We’re thrilled to be joining the Nike team, adding our unique and innovative capabilities to the data and analytics foundation they’ve been building over the years,” said John Andrews, CEO, Celect."}
{"id": "doc6961", "text": "Founded in 2013, Celect’s intellectual property portfolio extends across data science and software engineering. Its cloud-based analytics platform provides proprietary insights that allow retailers to optimize inventory across an omnichannel environment through hyper-local demand predictions, according to Nike."}
{"id": "doc6962", "text": "By integrating Celect’s technology into Nike’s mobile apps and website, the company should be able to better predict what styles of sneakers and apparel customers want, when they want it and where they want to buy it from, Sprunk told CNBC."}
{"id": "doc6963", "text": "The Celect acqusition comes as Nike has been emphasizing its direct-to-consumer business. Sales from Nike’s Direct business rose 12% to $10.4 billion in fiscal 2018, reported CNBC, and direct revenue now makes up about 30% of total Nike brand revenue, fueled by online growth."}
{"id": "doc6964", "text": "The former leader of a rival fast-fashion giant is taking over control of Forever 21."}
{"id": "doc6965", "text": "The new owners of Forever 21 named Daniel Kulle as CEO, effective immediately. Kulle, who has more than 20 years of experience in the fashion industry, is the former president of H&M North America. Most recently, he served as strategic adviser to the former CEO of H&M Group, Karl-Johan Persson, and was part of a steering group for three new digital start-ups within the group."}
{"id": "doc6966", "text": "Throughout his two-decade-long tenure at H&M, Kulle expanded the Swedish fast-fashion retailer’s bricks-and-motor and e-commerce presence in existing and new markets across North America. Under his leadership, the company’s North American sales grew from $1 billion to $4 billion annually. He opened 600 stores as well as developed integrated e-commerce platforms in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico."}
{"id": "doc6967", "text": "“Knowing Daniel personally for several years, I’ve seen his tenacious working style first-hand,” said David Simon, chairman, CEO, and president of Simon, which, along with Authentic Brands Group and Brookfield, recently acquired the bankrupt Forever 21. “His strategic vision and experience will build on Forever 21’s heritage and undoubtedly usher in a new era for the brand. "}
{"id": "doc6968", "text": "As CEO of Forever 21, Kulle will be charged with leveraging his digital expertise to modernize the brand’s content and social media strategies. He will also work with the brand’s leadership to evolve Forever 21’s sustainability initiatives. There will also be a strategic focus on re-energizing core product categories, and integrating those offerings into the Forever 21 shopping experience both in-store and online. "}
{"id": "doc6969", "text": "Kulle will be relocating from New York to Los Angeles, home base for Forever 21. The new owners have said they plan to continue operating the chain’s 448 stores in the U.S. as well as its global locations. "}
{"id": "doc6970", "text": "“Forever 21 enjoys strong brand awareness and affinity, a clear consumer set, and quick-to-market capabilities, allowing the brand to be nimble and leverage key trends and create strong value for its customers,” said  Kulle,. “The strong ownership structure, which combines ABG’s marketing prowess with Simon and Brookfield’s retail real estate expertise, creates a foundation for long-term growth.”"}
{"id": "doc6971", "text": "Forever 21 is looking to sell its retail business to a group that includes two of its biggest landlords."}
{"id": "doc6972", "text": "According to documents filed in bankruptcy court, the fast-fashion chain has reached an agreement to sell its assets to a group of buyers that includes Simon Property Group Inc., Brookfield Property Partners and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group for $81.1 million. In the filing, Forever 21 said it is seeking approval to name the three companies at the lead, stalking-horse bidders in an auction. The sale would include most of Forever 21s assets, including its namesake stores, RileyRose beauty stores and its e-commerce platforms."}
{"id": "doc6973", "text": "Other potential buyers have until Friday, Feb.7, to make a counteroffer. If other bids come forth, an auction will be held on Feb. 10. Forever 21 is looking to seek approval of the sale by Feb. 11.  (The Chang family that founded and operates the chain has been working to make an offer by joining up with a private-equity company, the Wall Street Journal reported.)"}
{"id": "doc6974", "text": "Forever 21 filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September, with a plan to close most of its global locations and up to 178 U.S. stores. The company had a total of 815 stores at the time of the filing including 549 locations in the U.S. (It has closed some 100 U.S. stores since the filing.) In court fillings in December, Forever 21 disclosed it has renegotiated its loan to avoid a default in bankruptcy. "}
{"id": "doc6975", "text": "This is not the first time mall owners have stepped in to save a major tenant from likely liquidation and the resulting vacant storefronts in their properties. In 2016, Simon and General Growth Properties, now owned by Brookfield Properties, partnered together as part of a group that won an auction to buy the Aeropostale brand out of bankruptcy court, ultimately keeping its stores open."}
{"id": "doc6976", "text": "Simon and Brookfield ranks among Forever 21’s largest unsecured creditors. "}
{"id": "doc6977", "text": "The third partner in the group to save Forever 21 is Authentic Brands Group, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, after it filed for bankruptcy."}
{"id": "doc6978", "text": "Forever 21’s sale to two of the nation’s largest mall operators for the modest sum of $81 million is almost a done deal."}
{"id": "doc6979", "text": "A U.S. bankruptcy court judge indicated he would formally approve the sale of the former high-flying fast-fashion chain to Simon Property Group, Brookfield Property Partners and Authentic Brands once the parties finalized some smaller details that are still being negotiated. The new owners have agreed to pay $81 million in cash and assume certain liabilities, including $53 million in merchandise not yet paid for."}
{"id": "doc6980", "text": "The approval nod came after Forever 21, which filed for bankruptcy in September 2019, did not received any qualified bids beyond its stalking horse one by Simon, Brookfield and Authentic Brands. With no other offers, the retailer cancelled an auction for its business that was scheduled for Feb. 10. "}
{"id": "doc6981", "text": "“Clearly, this is the only bid, and the alternative is liquidation, which is certainly not in anyone’s interest,” said Judge Gross, reported WWD."}
{"id": "doc6982", "text": "The sale brings an end to the founding family’s control of the chain.  Forever 21 was founded in Los Angeles in 1984 by Korean immigrants Do Won Chang and his wife Jin Sook Chang. The Changs, who were eventually joined in the business by their daughters, built the company into a global $4 billion powerhouse. But overexpansion, increased competition and shifting consumer tastes ultimately took a toll on the chain. "}
{"id": "doc6983", "text": "Forever 21 racked up significant debts during bankruptcy, according to the WWD report. It estimates it owes some $120 million in unpaid claims to vendors who provided goods during the bankruptcy, and about $10 million to $15 million in similar administrative claims to non-merchandise vendors."}
{"id": "doc6984", "text": "Attorneys for vendor and exporter groups, who had filed objections in the case, have continued to raise concerns about how vendors would be paid after the sale closes, WWD said. "}
{"id": "doc6985", "text": "Forever 21 is running out of options."}
{"id": "doc6986", "text": "The fast-fashion retailer has asked a bankruptcy court to approve an auction, an option that the chain hopes would keep it alive as a going business. Forever 21 filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September, with a plan to close most of its global locations and up to 178 U.S. stores. The company had a total of 815 stores at the time of the filing."}
{"id": "doc6987", "text": "Forever 21 said it has been engaging in “substantial, round-the-clock negotiations” with an unnamed stalking-horse bidder and asked the court to approve the sale of “substantially all” of its assets, according to Bloomberg. The chain has told suppliers in recent weeks it is short on cash and could be forced to liquidate if a buyer doesn’t emerge, according to report."}
{"id": "doc6988", "text": "In January, Bloomberg reported that Simon Property Group — one of Forever 21’s largest landlords and unsecured creditors — and Authentic Brands Group — which recently acquired the intellectual property of Barneys New York — were considering a bid for Forever 21."}
{"id": "doc6989", "text": "Walmart will reportedly purchase products by category, rather than by channel."}
{"id": "doc6990", "text": "According to CNBC, following up on an article in the Wall Street Journal, an internal corporate memo sent Tuesday, Feb. 24 indicates Walmart plans to combine the two separate buying teams for its e-commerce site and brick-and-mortar stores into a single unit. The discounter’s goal is reportedly to better align pricing across digital and physical channels."}
{"id": "doc6991", "text": "Buyers will be split into six category-based merchandising teams: apparel, consumables, entertainment, toys and seasonal, food, hardlines, and home. Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart e-commerce, and John Furner, president and CEO of Walmart U.S., will retain their jobs. The retailer reportedly does not intend to cut any other positions resulting from this change in buying strategy."}
{"id": "doc6992", "text": "In an email sent to CNBC, a Walmart spokesperson said the retailer is attempting to become more customer-centric in its omnichannel merchandising."}
{"id": "doc6993", "text": "“Our customers see one Walmart, and they expect the same low prices and seamless experience no matter how they choose to shop with us,” Walmart said in the email. “Today we are making changes that put the customer at the center of how we buy and sell merchandise.”"}
{"id": "doc6994", "text": "Walmart missed Wall Street expectations on its recent Q4 sales and earnings, as well as its 2021 earnings outlook, although e-commerce sales rose 35% during the quarter, fueled by online grocery."}
{"id": "doc6995", "text": "Read the full article here. "}
{"id": "doc6996", "text": "The online grocery wars show no signs of slowing down anytime soon."}
{"id": "doc6997", "text": "Walmart announced a new grocery pickup milestone: Curbside pickup of select alcohol beverages is now available in 2,000 Walmart locations in 29 states, including California, Texas and Florida.  The discounter will also make deliveries of adult beverages from nearly 200 stores across two states – California and Florida - with more being added in accordance with local and state regulations."}
{"id": "doc6998", "text": "The online program offers a wide variety of wine and beer options.  Depending on local laws, select locations also allow for the pickup of spirits. "}
{"id": "doc6999", "text": "Walmart has been expanding its online alcohol shopping options for  a while. Customers shop the chain’s selection similar to how they do for groceries. But there is one big exception: The customer must provide valid photo identification at the time of pickup verifying that they 21 years of age or older.   "}
{"id": "doc7000", "text": "Walmart Inc.’s remarkable run of quarterly revenue gains continued in its third-quarter fueled by strong growth online and in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc7001", "text": "The retail giant also raised its annual earnings outlook as prepares for what Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said will be a “good holiday season.”"}
{"id": "doc7002", "text": "Walmart’s net income rose to $3.29 billion, or $1.15 a share, for the quarter ended Oct. 31, compared with $1.71 billion, or 58 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time charges, the retailer earned $1.16 per share, beating expectations of $1.09 per share."}
{"id": "doc7003", "text": "Total revenue rose 2.5% to $127.99 billion. Analysts had expected revenue of $128.65 billion. Walmart said its results reflected challenging conditions in many of its global markets, including the U.K. where concerns over Brexit have continued to negatively affect customer spending patterns. "}
{"id": "doc7004", "text": "U.S. same-store sales, including online, rose 3.2% in the quarter, topping estimates of 3.1%. It was the company’s 21st quarter of U.S. growth. The average U.S. ticket in the U.S. grew 1.9%. Transactions were up 1.3%. "}
{"id": "doc7005", "text": "“We continue to see good traffic in our stores,” McMillon said. “We’re growing market share in key food and consumables categories, including fresh, and we had positive comps in general merchandise.”"}
{"id": "doc7006", "text": "E-commerce sales skyrocketed 41%, amid “strong growth” in online grocery. The chain said it on track to offer free same-day grocery pickup from more than 3,100 stores this year and expects to have more than 1,600 stores that offer same-day grocery delivery. "}
{"id": "doc7007", "text": "“Walmart’s third-quarter results have not disappointed — they show that the retail giant remains firmly on a top-line growth trajectory, especially in the U.S. where the company is benefitting from its investments in e-commerce and from more traffic to its stores,” said analysts Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. "}
{"id": "doc7008", "text": "Saunders added, however, that there are “negative headwinds” on the horizon as Walmart continues its shift to an omnichannel retailer, including the push to ever faster, free shipping."}
{"id": "doc7009", "text": "“Amazon’s more serious incursion into grocery will need to be tackled,” he said. “The lack of resolution on tariffs adds a further unhelpful dimension.” (Click here for more analysis.)"}
{"id": "doc7010", "text": "In his statement, McMillon noted that the e-commerce team improved gross margins compared to a year ago “through improvements in merchandising mix” and “leveraging operating expenses.”"}
{"id": "doc7011", "text": "“We’re making progress on many fronts, but we need to do more and move faster, especially with our assortment including marketplace,” he added. “I continue to challenge the team to drive a deeper, more sustainable relationship with the customer, better execute the fundamentals, and improve the overall economics of the business. Our strength is being driven by food, which is good, but we need even more progress on Walmart.com with general merchandise.”"}
{"id": "doc7012", "text": "Walmart raised its guidance for the full fiscal year, including Flipkart, with earnings per share now expected to increase slightly compared to last year. (The retailer’s prior guidance called for EPS to range from a slight decrease to a slight increase.) Excluding Flipkart, EPS is expected to increase by a high single-digit percentage range versus the prior guidance of a mid- to high single-digit percentage increase. The Street outlook is for earnings per share of $4.95, implying a 0.8% increase."}
{"id": "doc7013", "text": "One in four small-to-mid-sized businesses (SMBs) keep larger competitors in mind when making shipping/logistics decisions."}
{"id": "doc7014", "text": "According to the “2020 SMB Shipping Strategies Report” from uShip, a logistics technology platform for large and bulky goods, nearly half (47%) of SMB decision makers who have involvement or influence in distribution/logistics and/or procurement/purchasing estimate an increase to their shipping spend in 2020 compared to 2019. The study, conducted online with third-party research firm YouGov, also revealed SMB shipping spend is being influenced by big-box retailers. Twenty-five percent of surveyed SMB decision-makers said the logistics strategies of Amazon and Walmart are influencing how they think about shipping, while 27% said those strategies are influencing how their customers think about shipping. Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc7015", "text": "•    20% of SMB decision-makers would rather invest in the right logistics team over technology, while 30% plan to make new logistics technology a priority. Fourteen percent say investing in new technology is too expensive, while 17% prefer to invest in alternatives to traditional shipping options such as UPS, FedEx, and freight brokers.•    17% don’t trust fragile items to arrive safely or unbroken.•    15% can’t find a reliable carrier to ship oversized and bulky items •    12% can’t find an affordable shipping solution.•    11% don’t know where to find alternative shipping options to organizations like UPS and freight brokers. "}
{"id": "doc7016", "text": "Direct-to-consumer (DTC) brands must overcome a familiar foe to thrive with consumers."}
{"id": "doc7017", "text": "According to the 2020 DTC Hype Report from digital commerce platform Scalefast and research firm YouGov, 43% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because of the cheaper and/or free shipping options that are available. Another 36% would choose Amazon because the shipping is faster, while one-third (33%) would choose to shop on Amazon because of Amazon Prime perks like shipping options, auto-fulfillment, and coupons. "}
{"id": "doc7018", "text": "In addition, 30% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because it’s easier to make a purchase, and 28% would select Amazon because it’s easier to make a return. "}
{"id": "doc7019", "text": "When asked to compare DTC brands to traditional retailers, roughly one in five (19%) respondents familiar with DTCs believe that they are more likely to be ahead-of or on-trend, and one in seven (14%) believe that DTC companies are more technologically forward. "}
{"id": "doc7020", "text": "Furthermore, almost 15% of respondents familiar with DTC brands believe that they have a better user experience (12.56%) and higher quality products (13.2%) than traditional retailers. However, almost one in six (15.49%) still believe that it’s riskier to buy from a DTC brand than a traditional retailer. In good news for DTCs, the survey indicates opportunities to attract customers with merchandising, branding, and customer experience: •    38% of respondents familiar with a DTC brand would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was made in the U.S.•    30% of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was sustainably made.•    Almost two in 10 (18.24%) of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the company had a cause-oriented mission.•    26% say that stronger payment security and efforts would improve the DTC shopping experience.•    Over two in 10 (21.86%) say that they would like to see same-day delivery options incorporated into the DTC companies they choose to use.•    16% want DTC companies to adopt a seamless experience across devices to improve experience. “Our research showed that while some consumers know of and buy from DTCs, this new retail category is a blurred line in the minds of most consumers,” said Olivier Schott, founder of Scalefast. “If DTC brands want to become the new normal in retail, they need to learn from traditional retail mistakes, decide if Amazon is worth the risk and adapt to a changing customer that is more sensitive to concerns like their payment security to where a product is made than ever before.”"}
{"id": "doc7021", "text": "Scalefast commissioned YouGov Plc to conduct an online poll of a representative sample of 1,352 U.S. adults."}
{"id": "doc7022", "text": "A rapidly-growing franchise chain is offering points and special shopping features to members of its new loyalty program."}
{"id": "doc7023", "text": "Duck Donuts is taking off with Duck Donuts Rewards, a mobile point-based loyalty program based on the LevelUp platform. Available to download on Apple Store and Google Play, the app is designed to work seamlessly with Duck Donuts’ existing POS technology. Rewards members can order ahead in the app and skip the line when they arrive at the store, or scan the app in-store to pay. Customers will earn five points for every dollar spent that will unlock rewards as the status levels increase. As a signup perk, customers receive a free donut after first purchase and on their birthday, in addition to other surprise benefits throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc7024", "text": "In addition to driving visits and purchases, Duck Donuts hopes the program will provide consumer-driven data that will enable better insight into its target audiences."}
{"id": "doc7025", "text": "The following rewards are unlocked at each status level:•    Welcome: Free customized donut after first purchase.•    Fantasduck: Earn 300 points and choose between a free donut or medium coffee.•    Incrediduck: Earn 600 points and receive two free donuts and a medium coffee.•    Magnifiduck: Earn 1,200 points to earn a free half-dozen donuts.•    Stependuck: Earn 2,250 points to receive a free dozen donuts."}
{"id": "doc7026", "text": "We are thrilled to announce the official launch of Duck Donuts Rewards, giving us the opportunity to further engage and reward our loyal guests with our point-based system,” said Russ DiGilio, Duck Donuts founder and CEO. “Duck Donuts Rewards provides a mobile-friendly user experience and convenient way to enjoy our warm, delicious and made-to-order donuts. Having the ability to order donuts and earn rewards in the same app truly streamlines the checkout experience for our customers.”  Duck Donuts opened its first locations in 2007 in Duck and Kitty Hawk, N.C. By 2011, the retailer had expanded to four Outer Banks locations. The first franchise opened in Williamsburg, Va., in 2013, and there are now 90 open franchise locations and more than 145 additional contracts in 26 states and four countries."}
{"id": "doc7027", "text": "Retail sales rebounded in October, but the gains were fueled mostly by online and grocery. "}
{"id": "doc7028", "text": "Retail sales in October inched up 0.2% over September, according to the National Retail Federation, and were up 4.2% year-over-year. The numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc7029", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which said Friday that overall October sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were up 0.3% from September and up 3.1%% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7030", "text": "The rise in October sales was due to gains in three sectors: online, grocery and general merchandise stores. Sales were down month-over-month in apparel and accessories; home furnishings; sporting goods; building supplies and garden supply; and electronics and appliances."}
{"id": "doc7031", "text": "October’s results make up for most of the 0.3% month-over-month decline seen in September and build on September’s year-over-year increase of 4.1%. As of October, the three-month moving average was up 4.3% over the same period a year ago, compared with 4.7% in September."}
{"id": "doc7032", "text": "“Despite the gradual slowdown in the U.S. economy, consumers are in a good place and October’s retail sales are a step forward into the all-important holiday season,” said NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz said. “Uncertainty around trade policy has impacted consumer sentiment recently but ongoing job growth, low interest rates, low inflation and the stock market hitting record highs provide support for consumer spending.”"}
{"id": "doc7033", "text": "Specifics from key retail sectors for October month-over-month sales are below."}
{"id": "doc7034", "text": "•    Online and other non-store sales were up 0.9%.•    Grocery and beverage stores were up 0.5%.•    General merchandise stores were up 0.4%.  •    Health and personal care stores were unchanged.•    Clothing and clothing accessory stores were down 1.0%.•    Furniture and home furnishings stores were down 0.9%.•    Sporting goods stores were down 0.8%.•    Building materials and garden supply stores were down 0.5%.•    Electronics and appliance stores down 0.4%."}
{"id": "doc7035", "text": "A discount grocer is providing Amazon payment and pickup options in select stores."}
{"id": "doc7036", "text": "Save A Lot is rolling out the Amazon PayCode cash payment service and Amazon Hub Locker secure pickup/return option at its stores in St. Louis. The retailer plans to expand the availability of these Amazon offerings to over 400 stores by the end of 2020. "}
{"id": "doc7037", "text": "Through Amazon PayCode, shoppers provide payment information to Western Union (who is partnering with Amazon to offer the service), and are sent a QR code which they can use to pay for their Amazon order in cash. Amazon then ships the order normally."}
{"id": "doc7038", "text": "Save A Lot is also offering Amazon Hub Locker, a secure delivery option to pick up or return Amazon packages at no additional cost. After shopping on Amazon.com, customers proceed to checkout and select a locker at the nearest Save A Lot as their shipping address. Once their package is ready for pickup, customers will receive an e-mail along with a barcode that they can use to pick up their package during store hours."}
{"id": "doc7039", "text": "Since 2016, Save A Lot has been making efforts to transform its business model, including the modernization of its entire store fleet in St. Louis as well as looking at new options for customer-facing digital technologies."}
{"id": "doc7040", "text": "This rollout demonstrates our intent to be the most convenient neighborhood grocery option for our customers, said Reid Tuenge, senior VP, retail operations at Save A Lot. By offering services like Amazon PayCode, were helping to expand our customers digital access—all in one convenient location. Not only can they pay for Amazon purchases either as a standalone transaction or as part of their regular grocery shop, but they can also pick up their packages securely in store."}
{"id": "doc7041", "text": "Founded in 1977, Save A Lot is headquartered in Earth City, Mo. and operates nearly 1,200 corporate and licensed stores in 33 states and 14 wholesale distribution centers. "}
{"id": "doc7042", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7043", "text": "The new year brought some good news to Save A Lot."}
{"id": "doc7044", "text": "The discount grocer said it has reached an agreement with a substantial majority of its lenders to recapitalize the business and deleverage its balance sheet.  Under the terms of the agreement, Save A Lot will receive $138 million in new capital to strengthen its business and provide financial flexibility. "}
{"id": "doc7045", "text": "In addition, the agreement provides for a reduction of indebtedness of over $400 million, strengthening the retailer’s balance sheet and significantly reducing annual interest expense."}
{"id": "doc7046", "text": "“The agreement with our lenders is an important step in securing Save A Lot’s long-term success,” said Kenneth McGrath, CEO, Save A Lot, which operates more than 1,100 corporate and licensed stores in 33 states and 14 wholesale distribution centers. “This is a significant statement of confidence in our business and gives us the appropriate levels of capital to compete effectively.”"}
{"id": "doc7047", "text": "Save A Lot has been working to modernize it in-store shopping experience. As part of the effort, the grocer announced in November the rollout of new services that will enable shoppers to pay for (using Amazon PayCode) and pick up Amazon.com packages in select stores in the St. Louis area. "}
{"id": "doc7048", "text": "It will also shoppers offer Amazon Hub Locker as a convenient delivery option to pick up or return Amazon packages at no additional cost. Both Amazon PayCode and Amazon Hub Locker are expected to expand to more than 400 Save A Lot stores by the end of 2020."}
{"id": "doc7049", "text": "The agreement is subject to finalization of definitive documentation and certain creditor approvals. Save A Lot expects to complete this process in the first quarter of 2020."}
{"id": "doc7050", "text": "Amazon employees at its Seattle headquarters reportedly now have full access to the Amazon Care virtual health service."}
{"id": "doc7051", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon has quietly moved Amazon Care from pilot phase into full rollout for eligible workers and their dependents at its corporate headquarters who live in certain ZIP codes. Amazon initially piloted Amazon Care for headquarters employees in fall 2019. The program, delivered by a dedicated mobile app, includes virtual care, in-person nurse visits at home or office, and home prescription delivery."}
{"id": "doc7052", "text": "According to the Amazon Care website, the service is designed to be a “first stop” healthcare provider for urgent issues such as colds, allergies, infections, and minor injuries. Amazon Care can also provide preventative heath consults, vaccines and lab work; sexual health services such as contraception and sexually transmitted infection testing; and answers to general family health questions."}
{"id": "doc7053", "text": "Omnichannel care options include in-app text chat with a nurse on any health topic; in-app video visits with a doctor or nurse practitioner; a mobile care nurse who can provide in-person exams, testing or treatment; and courier delivery of prescribed medications to an employee’s home or office."}
{"id": "doc7054", "text": "“Amazon Care eliminates travel and wait time, connecting employees and their family members to a physician or nurse practitioner through live chat or video, with the option for in-person follow up services from a registered nurse ranging from immunizations to instant strep throat detection,” an Amazon spokesperson told CNBC. "}
{"id": "doc7055", "text": "Currently, Amazon Care operates Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Saturday and Sunday 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oasis Medical provides Amazon Care medical services, which do not include emergency medical services."}
{"id": "doc7056", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc7057", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc7058", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc7059", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc7060", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc7061", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc7062", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc7063", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. has entered into an agreement to sell approximately half its real estate as it looks to generate capital. "}
{"id": "doc7064", "text": "The struggling home furnishings retailer has completed a sale-leaseback transaction with an affiliate of Oak Street Real Estate Capital, generating more than $250 million in net proceeds. The properties sold represent approximately 2.1 million sq. ft. of commercial space, including retail stores, a distribution facility and the company’s headquarters space in Union, N.J. Bed Bath & Beyond will continue to occupy the properties through long-term leases."}
{"id": "doc7065", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it plans to use the proceeds from the transaction to reinvest in its core business and transformation efforts, to fund share repurchases, and to reduce outstanding debt, or a combination of these tactics."}
{"id": "doc7066", "text": "We are pleased to complete this sale-leaseback transaction, said Mark Tritton, who took the reins as president and CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond in November. This marks the first step toward unlocking valuable capital in our business that can be put to work to amplify our plans to build a stronger, more efficient foundation to support revenue growth, financial stability and enhance shareholder value."}
{"id": "doc7067", "text": "As previously announced, Bed Bath & Beyond, together with outside financial advisors, is reviewing its portfolio of retail concepts which, in addition to its namesake division, include Christmas Tree Shops, buybuy Baby, Harmon Face Values, Cost Plus and Cost Plus World Market,  and owned real estate to optimize its asset base and enhance shareholder value. In connection with the review, the retailer said it will continue to evaluate certain remaining owned real estate."}
{"id": "doc7068", "text": "The new CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond is cleaning house just six weeks into the job — and in the middle of the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc7069", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced the departure of six senior members, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. Also leaving are the chain’s chief legal officer & general counsel, and chief administrative officer."}
{"id": "doc7070", "text": "The sixth member, the chief brand officer, resigned last week. Bed Bath & Beyond said it has begun a search to fill the positions of chief merchandising officer, chief digital officer, general counsel and a newly combined chief marketing and brand officer position."}
{"id": "doc7071", "text": "The leadership shake-up is the first major move by Mark Tritton, the former chief merchandising officer of Target who took the reins at Bed Bath & Beyond in November. In a statement, the company described the move as a “ bold pivot” that reflects the priorities of Tritton, who will launch his new vision for the company in early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc7072", "text": "“This is the first in a number of important steps were taking,” Tritton stated. “Balancing our existing expertise with fresh perspectives from new, innovative leaders of change, will help us to better anticipate and support our customers in their life journeys and shopping needs."}
{"id": "doc7073", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has struggled to compete in the disrupted retail marketplace, challenged by traditional retailers such as Target and Walmart and online players such as Amazon. Same-store sales have been declining for three years and  its sales growth has fallen for three consecutive quarters. Net income has dropped for 10 straight quarters."}
{"id": "doc7074", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that its new leadership team will be charged with “streamlining decision-making, accelerating the pace of transformation, and re-establishing Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space through a more customer-focused, omnichannel retail operation, a redefined product assortment, and a more convenient and inspirational shopping experience.”  "}
{"id": "doc7075", "text": "Industry analysts have predicted that Tritton will likely focus on expanding Bed Bath & Beyond’s fledgling private labels and exclusive lines and upgrading its online and in-store experience.  "}
{"id": "doc7076", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it will reveal its strategic plan in early 2020 as it swung to a third-quarter loss with sales and earnings that missed Street expectations."}
{"id": "doc7077", "text": "The embattled retailer also said it would delay closing 20 of its namesake stores until after the first half of fiscal 2020 in order to sell more of their merchandise. As previously reported https://chainstoreage.com/bed-bath-beyond-ramps-store-closures-swings-q2-loss, Bed Bath & Beyond planned to close 60 locations, including 40 namesake stores, in fiscal 2019. "}
{"id": "doc7078", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond expects sales and profitability to remain under pressure during the fourth quarter. The company said it was withdrawing its full-year forecast because of “headwinds” and because of ongoing work by new CEO Mark Tritton to assess the business and finalize the details of the companys go-forward strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc7079", "text": "Tritton, who left Target Corp. to take the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November, has wasted no time in making changes. In December, the company announced the departure of six members of its leadership team https://chainstoreage.com/big-leadership-shakeup-bed-bath-beyond, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. "}
{"id": "doc7080", "text": "In a statement, Tritton called the company’s third quarter performance “unsatisfactory and underscores the imperative for change and strengthens our sense of priorities and purpose.”"}
{"id": "doc7081", "text": "“We will be finalizing the details of our strategic plan over the next few months and appreciate your patience as we embark and pursue this journey to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term, sustainable growth,” he stated. "}
{"id": "doc7082", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond reported a net loss of $38.6 million, or a loss of $0.31 per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 30, down from net earnings of $24.4 million, or $0.18 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding items, Bed Bath & Beyond lost $0.38 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.02 per share."}
{"id": "doc7083", "text": "Net sales fell 9% to $2.8 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $2.85 billion. Same-store sales declined 8.3%. The retailer said its sales performance was significantly impacted by the late Thanksgiving, which resulted in one less week of holiday sales compared to the prior-year period. Adjusting for the 2019 calendar shift, same-store sales declined 3.6% during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc7084", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, the company had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc7085", "text": "A strong mobile commerce offering will help retailers attract this holiday season’s highest-spending generation"}
{"id": "doc7086", "text": "Over a third of millennials plan to spend more money during the 2019 holiday season compared to 2018, and they will likely outspend other generations this gift-giving season, according to Discover’s annual Holiday Shopping Survey. Millennials say higher income and more people on their shopping list are two reasons for their boost in spending. And they also will overwhelmingly use their mobile devices to shop."}
{"id": "doc7087", "text": "Results from the survey, which polled Gen Z, millennials, Gen X and baby boomers on their previous holiday shopping habits and upcoming plans to purchase, also indicate almost three-quarters (73%) of millennials will use a mobile device to shop for holiday gifts. In comparison, only 58% of Gen X, 48% of Gen Z and 32% of baby boomers plan to do mobile holiday shopping."}
{"id": "doc7088", "text": "Credit card usage is trending upward among holiday shoppers. In 2019, 42% of respondents said they expect to use credit cards for most of their holiday gift purchases, compared to 38% in 2018 and 32% in 2017. Of those who plan to use credit cards for the majority of their holiday shopping, 55% said they mostly use credit cards to earn points and rewards. "}
{"id": "doc7089", "text": "Other findings include:"}
{"id": "doc7090", "text": "The national survey of 2,010 U.S. consumers ages 18 and up was commissioned by Discover and conducted by Dynata (formerly Research Now/SSI), an independent survey research firm."}
{"id": "doc7091", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7092", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7093", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7094", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7095", "text": "Shoppers will visit brick-and-mortar stores in 2020, but won’t check their devices at the door."}
{"id": "doc7096", "text": "According to a new survey investigating the 2020 shopping habits of more than 16,000 consumers from mobile rewards app Shopkick, physical interactions with products will still play a major role in purchasing decisions this year. More than eight in 10 (82%) respondents say that seeing, holding or demoing a product in-person makes them more inclined to actually purchase it."}
{"id": "doc7097", "text": "Other notable 2020 shopping trends uncovered by the survey include:•    Boomers and Gen Z shoppers are most likely to do the majority of their 2020 shopping in physical retailers (67% and 61%, respectively), with Gen X (59%) and millennials (57%) close behind."}
{"id": "doc7098", "text": "•    Eighty-eight percent of all respondents plan to use their mobile devices while shopping in-store, most often to find deals and coupons or to compare prices. Fifty percent of consumers plan to use their mobile devices in-store more frequently in 2020."}
{"id": "doc7099", "text": "•    Boomers lead the pack in planning to shop more frequently at retailers that align with their core values (75%), followed closely by Gen X (72%), millennials (70%) and Gen Z (68%). However, younger consumers are more likely to feel a sense of loyalty to brands. Sixty-four percent of Gen Z respondents report feeling a sense of brand loyalty, compared to 47 percent of boomers."}
{"id": "doc7100", "text": "•    Half of consumers (50%) plan to make the majority of their purchases with debit cards in the new year. Credit cards come in second at 27%, followed by cash (15%), app-based payment methods (6%) and gift cards (2%). Interestingly, Gen Z is the only generation planning to pay more often with cash over credit (29% and 15%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc7101", "text": "•    A clear majority of respondents don’t plan to use installment or pay-later payment options them (83% and 87%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc7102", "text": "•    Most consumers don’t plan to shop on social platforms in the new year, but for those who do, Facebook is the most popular platform, according to millennials, Gen X, and boomers (26%, 26% and 29%, respectively). Meanwhile, Gen Z is the only generation more likely to shop on Instagram (20%)."}
{"id": "doc7103", "text": "Holiday shoppers want to find their way to toys and booze."}
{"id": "doc7104", "text": "A new study on global consumer search behavior from search technology provider Yext found that searches for directions to toy stores rise up to 231% above average on Dec. 19. Meanwhile, online requests for directions to liquor stores climb up to 160% above average on Christmas Eve (Dec. 24)."}
{"id": "doc7105", "text": "Yext examined the volume of clicks for directions and website clicks in search for businesses around the world and found other trends including:"}
{"id": "doc7106", "text": "•    Dec. 20: Directions requests to mailing services peak at 55% above average on Dec. 20th and fall unsurprisingly to almost 90% below average on Christmas Day."}
{"id": "doc7107", "text": "•    Dec. 25: Directions requests to casual dining restaurants rise 32% above average on Christmas Day. Dec. 25 also shows increases in search requests for ATMs (with direction requests 53% above average), toy stores (53% above average), jewelry stores (56% above average), and flower shops (33% above average). However, the worst day for food delivery businesses is Christmas Day, when delivery restaurants see their lowest relative volume in clicks to their website from search at 44% below average."}
{"id": "doc7108", "text": "•    Dec. 26: Clicks for directions to clothing retailers are almost 60% above average."}
{"id": "doc7109", "text": "•    Dec. 27: Clicks for directions to arcade businesses peak at 98% above average."}
{"id": "doc7110", "text": "•    Dec. 31: On New Years Eve, consumers are ready to party, requests for directions to liquor stores are about 145% more than the average. Requests for directions to bars and clubs on this day rise to nearly 50% above average, as well."}
{"id": "doc7111", "text": "•    Jan. 3: Directions requests to gyms and fitness centers increase 46% more than average on Jan. 3."}
{"id": "doc7112", "text": "Yext examined the volume of clicks for directions and clicks to websites for a sample of over 4 million listings in search between Nov. 15, 2018, and Jan. 15, 2019."}
{"id": "doc7113", "text": "Pier 1 Imports has tapped its finance head to do double duty."}
{"id": "doc7114", "text": "The struggling home décor retailer named Robert Riesbeck as CEO and a director of the company. Riesbeck, who joined Pier 1 in July as CFO, will also continue to serve in that position. As CEO, he replaces Cheryl Bachelder, who has acted as interim chief since December 2018. She will remain a member of the board."}
{"id": "doc7115", "text": "Pier 1 also announced that the New York Stock Exchange has accepted the company’s plan to regain compliance with NYSE continued listing standards. It now has 18 months to get its stock price up enough to avoid delisting. (Pier 1 received a letter on Aug. 5 saying that the company’s market value had fallen below $50 million over a 30-day trading period.) "}
{"id": "doc7116", "text": "“We are pleased that the NYSE has accepted our plan to regain compliance with its continued listing standards,” said Riesbeck. “The management team and our talented associates remain focused on driving a sales turnaround and improved profitability to increase our market valuation and deliver value for our shareholders and other stakeholders.”"}
{"id": "doc7117", "text": "Pier 1’s new CEO brings with him more than 25 years of leadership experience in retail and consumer goods with expertise in both growth and turnaround, the company said. Prior to Pier 1, he was CFO of FullBeauty Brands, from June 2018 to February 2019, and as CEO and president of electronics and appliance retailer Hhgregg, from February 2016 to June 2017."}
{"id": "doc7118", "text": "From 2010 to 2014, Riesbeck served as an operating executive at Sun Capital Partners."}
{"id": "doc7119", "text": "“Bob has stepped into a leadership role at Pier 1 with a sense of urgency and deep capability and we are thrilled to appoint him as CEO,” said Terry London, chairman,” Pier 1, which operates 950 stores. “We thank Cheryl for serving Pier 1 as interim CEO over the last 10 months. She has made important progress in developing a clear plan and roadmap for success, including assembling a strong team to guide the company into the future.”"}
{"id": "doc7120", "text": "In other appointments, Pier 1 promoted Donna Colaco to president. Colaco joined Pier 1 in December 2018 as executive VP and chief customer officer. Previously, she served as brand president for Chico FAS’ White House | Black Market. She replaces Douglas Diemoz, who had served as president, has departed from the company."}
{"id": "doc7121", "text": "Marathon Petroleum Corp. is spinning off its Speedway retail network into an independent, publicly-traded company. "}
{"id": "doc7122", "text": "The move follows a review from Marathon’s board of directors and engagement with financial and other advisors. The company also gathered shareholder feedback."}
{"id": "doc7123", "text": "As a result of that review, today we announced our most recent step to create shareholder value and that is our intent to separate Speedway into an independent company, said Marathon CEO and chairman Gary Heminger. The board and our management is fully committed to pursuing the path that maximizes shareholder value, and we believe this separation will create two strong, industry-leading companies well positioned for long-term growth and success."}
{"id": "doc7124", "text": "Under the plan, the new Speedway will consist of Marathon’s  3,900 company-owned and company-operated convenience stores. Upon completion of the spin-off, expected  to be completed by the end of 2020, Speedway will be the largest U.S.-listed convenience store operator boasting a coast-to-coast retail network and a nationally recognized brand, Heminger said during the companys third-quarter earnings call on Oct. 31."}
{"id": "doc7125", "text": "We believe this business has strong growth potential, fueled by a strong, loyal customer base, Heminger explained."}
{"id": "doc7126", "text": "E-commerce is no longer only for routine transactions."}
{"id": "doc7127", "text": "Consumers are increasingly making high-consideration purchases online. This is a pivotal shift in the commerce landscape that will force retailers to rethink their customer experiences both online and in-store. Content will be key. "}
{"id": "doc7128", "text": "Traditionally, high-consideration purchases - anything that you invest a lot of time to research prior to purchase, such as a car or a mattress -  happened solely in stores. Consumers came to physical locations, perhaps a showroom, and got to see, touch and test an item prior to taking out their wallet. "}
{"id": "doc7129", "text": "One main reason why these types of purchases haven’t traditionally been made online has to do with financial security fears. But those are now long gone. Additionally, in the research phase of a purchase, online channels at one point didn’t really give consumers enough content and information to empower them to make a purchase. And a lot of retailers were not offering high-consideration purchases online, since it was considered a channel conflict with their traditional distribution channels. "}
{"id": "doc7130", "text": "All of this is changing today."}
{"id": "doc7131", "text": "A new Internet eraWith high-consideration purchases, content and brand storytelling is becoming absolutely critical. This content needs to come in many different formats. Coupled with advances in what consumers can do online and how fast they can do it, shoppers have become more comfortable with make high-consideration purchases without ever going into a store. "}
{"id": "doc7132", "text": "Today, if I want to purchase a new car, I can go to the manufacturer’s website to view both the interior and exterior via 360-degree video. I can change color schemes and see the end result. There are hundreds of thousands of YouTube videos from actual owners and forums for open and honest discussion. People can now immerse themselves into a brand’s value proposition and the brand’s story before they even identify the specific product that they want to buy. "}
{"id": "doc7133", "text": "Having all of this information at their disposal, consumers are empowered to make smarter purchases. This has changed their perspective of the traditional showroom, where a salesperson is paid a commission to sell. People tend to question whether the sales reps really have a shopper’s best interest in mind. "}
{"id": "doc7134", "text": "Online channels tell the brand story"}
{"id": "doc7135", "text": "Another reason that high-consideration purchases are now made online is because consumer expectations have changed. They are no longer just looking for the best deal. Instead things, like brand story and mission are increasingly swaying people into purchasing products or doing business with a company. "}
{"id": "doc7136", "text": "The digital tools for engaging a consumer have also proliferated over the years. Online video, 3D images, augmented reality, virtual reality, and more have come into fruition and are helping brands better tell their stories. Remember, we are no longer in the business of selling products. We’re selling experiences, and online channels are enabling this trend. "}
{"id": "doc7137", "text": "Simplifying complex purchases and returnsGenerally speaking, high-consideration purchases, are complex products. There are a lot of considerations, and often, these products come in many, different variations. Let’s use furniture as an  example. Youre buying a couch. Most of the couches are custom manufactured. You can set how many blocks make up the L shape. You can determine how many cushions you want. You can have a million different fabrics and color swatches and different cushions and materials, so that couch may actually have over a million different configurations. "}
{"id": "doc7138", "text": "In the store, you are lucky if they have one version of this couch you like so much, but it is the one with three seats instead of four, so you have to visualize what the one you actually want would look like. And then its only one fabric color you get see in the showroom, and although you can look at the fabric sheet, you are still trying to visualize what it all looks like at the end, which leaves a lot up to the imagination. "}
{"id": "doc7139", "text": "In a digital environment, with tools such as 3D video and augmented and virtual reality, all of that guesswork doesn’t exist. You can not only see that couch you like in every color it comes in, but you can juxtapose it onto your living room and see if it matches your shades and your rug. "}
{"id": "doc7140", "text": "As the use of this technology proliferates in the retail space, I predict that AR and all of the technology helping people better visualize what something may look like in their space could improve online conversion rates for high-consideration purchases and also could have a massive impact on returns, too. "}
{"id": "doc7141", "text": "Content drives commerce "}
{"id": "doc7142", "text": "The bottom line is that in-depth content is becoming an even more important aspect of the commerce strategy, as it essentially works to turn shoppers into buyers. Content shouldn’t stop once someone makes a purchase, either. Warranty information and installation guides, for example, are just some of the content types that your customers could rely on post purchase. And they can help increase loyalty and a person’s propensity to buy from you again. "}
{"id": "doc7143", "text": "Peter Sheldon is senior director of strategy for Magento at Adobe."}
{"id": "doc7144", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7145", "text": "The parent company of the Luby’s and Fuddruckers casual dining chains is branching into digital delivery."}
{"id": "doc7146", "text": "Luby’s Inc. is partnering with on-demand delivery service DoorDash to offer delivery from nearly 80 Lubys restaurants, 30 Fuddruckers corporate-owned restaurants, and a growing number of the 100-plus franchised U.S. Fuddruckers locations. "}
{"id": "doc7147", "text": "Customers can have Lubys and Fuddruckers meals delivered by ordering through the DoorDash app or online at the DoorDash site."}
{"id": "doc7148", "text": "Our goal every day is to delight our guests and we want Lubys and Fuddruckers customers to have the opportunity to enjoy our made-to-order meals anywhere they want,” said Todd Coutee, COO of Lubys Inc. “We are excited to enter into this partnership to provide even more choices for delighting our guests. DoorDash is the number one brand in third-party delivery, so they are a natural national partner for us as we aggressively grow our off-premise business. "}
{"id": "doc7149", "text": "Were excited to welcome the Lubys and Fuddruckers brands onto our platform and work alongside both iconic restaurants to scale their off-premise operations and reach more customers nationally, said Toby Espinosa, VP of business development at DoorDash. "}
{"id": "doc7150", "text": "Other casual dining retailers are also expanding their delivery options for digital orders with DoorDash. Applebee’s launched a similar partnership in August 2019 , as did Potbelly Sandwich Shop. That same month saw Panera connect DoorDash rewards to its proprietary loyalty program. "}
{"id": "doc7151", "text": "The Kroger Co. is entering the meal-delivery business via a fast-growing new trend."}
{"id": "doc7152", "text": "The nation’s largest supermarket retailer launched a partnership with ClusterTruck, a software platform that powers delivery-only kitchens. (Delivery-only kitchens, also known as “dark” or “ghost” kitchens, are commercial cooking spaces with no dine-in option, functioning as hubs for online orders). The new concept, called Kroger Delivery Kitchen Powered by ClusterTruck, delivers fresh meals on-demand with no service or delivery fees. "}
{"id": "doc7153", "text": "The service has launched in Indianapolis and in Columbus (Ohio), and also in Denver where it operates under Kroger’s King Soopers banner. Kroger and ClusterTruck are  opening a fourth kitchen in Carmel, Indiana.  "}
{"id": "doc7154", "text": "The way our customers order and receive meals is evolving, and ClusterTrucks innovative culinary and digital design is cracking the code for the future of profitable meal delivery, said Yael Cosset, CIO, Krogers CIO. Kroger is leveraging ClusterTrucks advanced technology to ensure our customers dont have to sacrifice quality and value for convenience when it comes to meal delivery. Kroger Delivery Kitchen Powered by ClusterTruck will allow our customers to access restaurant-quality fresh and delicious meals like never before and without having to pay excessive service or delivery fees. "}
{"id": "doc7155", "text": " Customers in Carmel, Indianapolis and Columbus delivery zones can go to  KrogerDeliveryKitchen.com to place their orders online or download the ClusterTruck app. The menu selection is varied, ranging from pizza to pad Thai."}
{"id": "doc7156", "text": "ClusterTruck was co-founded in 2015 and launched its first kitchen in 2016. The Indianapolis-based company owns and operates vertically integrated delivery-only kitchens powered by a proprietary software system. The system uses custom algorithms to optimize kitchen and delivery operations, ensuring that nearly every order is in the hands of the customer within seven minutes of the meals preparation. The average time between placing an order and a customer receiving their food is less than 30 minutes, Kroger said."}
{"id": "doc7157", "text": "ClusterTrucks ultra-fresh and quick made-from-scratch meals set them apart in the food delivery landscape, said Suzy Monford, Krogers group VP of fresh. "}
{"id": "doc7158", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7159", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7160", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7161", "text": "There is one thing that physical retail locations can do better for online shoppers than e-commerce sites can, and that’s handle their returns."}
{"id": "doc7162", "text": "A business called Happy Returns takes all the packing, documenting, and standing in line at the Post Office out of the returns process for online shoppers by doing it all for them at malls, shopping centers, and stores. The traffic its service creates, the company claims, is 75% incremental for its location partners."}
{"id": "doc7163", "text": "Happy Returns has 700 of its Return Bars operating in brick and mortar locations, including many owned by Macerich, Simon, and Westfield Properties. Now they will be debuting at two CBL properties—Hanes Mall in Winston-Salem, N.C., and Fayette Mall in Lexington, Ky."}
{"id": "doc7164", "text": "“We are excited to introduce Return Bars at these locations as an innovative strategy to add convenience and value for our shoppers,” said Stephen Lebovitz, chief executive officer, CBL Properties."}
{"id": "doc7165", "text": "CBL, which operates more than 100 properties in 26 states, plans to expand Happy Returns to more locations. "}
{"id": "doc7166", "text": "Digital retailing will save, not destroy, brick-and-mortar stores."}
{"id": "doc7167", "text": "We all know that reports of the demise of the physical store are premature. But that does not mean all is well in the world of brick-and-mortar retail. E-commerce is growing at a rapid clip while sales at traditional stores move forward at a more leisurely pace."}
{"id": "doc7168", "text": "The natural response of many retailers is to assume the growth of e-commerce comes with a corresponding contraction in brick-and-mortar sales. This is not necessarily the case. Executed correctly, e-commerce (and m-commerce) can actually serve as an enhancer, not cannibalizer, of in-store traffic and revenues. Here are a few examples of how.   "}
{"id": "doc7169", "text": "Hunt for treasure — across channelsBrick-and-mortar retailing offers shoppers an opportunity to comb the shelves and discover “treasure” lurking in hidden corners. Online search does not lend itself to this type of uncertain reward scenario, which offers a thrill similar to gambling.   "}
{"id": "doc7170", "text": "However, by seamlessly blending the digital and physical customer experiences, retailers can enhance the treasure-hunting aspect of brick-and-mortar shopping. Customers could purchase items online and then receive emailed or texted clues to locate them hidden in-store, possibly with a bonus prize for finding them within a certain time period. "}
{"id": "doc7171", "text": "A virtual net for safety stockMany of the products retailers sell may be seasonal, special offers, or otherwise only available for a short period. While these items may help drive store traffic and make for a more exciting shopping experience, they also can help create a negative customer impression.  "}
{"id": "doc7172", "text": "A time-starved shopper who takes time from their busy schedule to visit a store for a particular limited-time item, only to discover it is sold out, will not feel the thrill of the hunt. But if that same shopper is able to check availability of and purchase items online for in-store pickup, or could place online orders for out-of-stock goods from the store, it would help ensure everyone can share in the excitement."}
{"id": "doc7173", "text": "And this concept doesn’t only apply to limited-time merchandise. Retailers may also find that some of the regular items they offer in-store are perennial top-sellers with a tendency to sell out. By making it easy for shoppers to digitally purchase those items when they run out, physical retailers can minimize the negative impact of stockouts on the customer experience."}
{"id": "doc7174", "text": "Stash the boring stuffCustomers who come to your store looking for a fun, engaging shopping experience probably aren’t stocking up on plastic dinnerware or tube socks."}
{"id": "doc7175", "text": "All this “boring stuff” is perfect online inventory. By moving most or even all of your unexciting staples to your e-commerce site, you can free up valuable shelf space for eye-grabbing special items. Of course, a stockout on an unexciting item can still generate plenty of negative emotion. Retailers who decide to stash the boring stuff online need to invest in robust seamless purchase options, such as scanning an in-store QR code to instantly order items for same-day delivery."}
{"id": "doc7176", "text": "Get social with promotionsRetailers as diverse as Amazon and Taco Bell have had success promoting sales from mobile trucks by tweeting hints to their precise locations. There is no reason brick-and-mortar retailers cannot use tweets (or any other social posts) to create similar buzz around in-store promotions."}
{"id": "doc7177", "text": "Furthermore, social media is an ideal channel to get consumers directly involved in driving store traffic. A customer who posts a photo of themselves holding a purchase inside a store could get some type of reward for every shopper who comes in and mentions their user name or special hashtag when buying it. Nothing beats word of mouth, and social media spreads word of mouth at global scale. "}
{"id": "doc7178", "text": "Sainsbury’s has committed itself to having net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 and is making a major long-term investment to achieve its goal. "}
{"id": "doc7179", "text": "The U.K’s Britain’s second largest supermarket company said it would invest 1.0 billion pounds ($1.31 billion) over 20 years to becoming a net zero business across its operations by 2040, which is a decade ahead of the U.K. government’s own target."}
{"id": "doc7180", "text": "Sainsbury’s, which operates some 2,300 stores, said it  will use the investment to implement a series of changes, with a focus on reducing carbon emissions, food waste, plastic packaging and water usage and also increasing recycling, biodiversity and healthy and sustainable eating. "}
{"id": "doc7181", "text": "“Our commitment has always been to help customers live well for less, but we must recognize that living well now also means living sustainably,” stated Mike Coupe, CEO of Sainsbury’s. “We have a duty to the communities we serve to continue to reduce the impact our business has on the environment and we are committing to reduce our own carbon emissions and become net zero by 2040, ten years ahead of the government’s own targets, because 2050 isn’t soon enough. “Over the next 20 years we will…transform the way we do business and put environmental impact at the forefront of every decision we make.”"}
{"id": "doc7182", "text": "Sainsbury’s, which has reduced its carbon emissions  by 35% during the past fifteen years while increasing its business footprint  by over 40%, will work with the Carbon Trust to assess emissions and set science-based targets for reduction, publicly reporting on progress every six months. The targets will align the business with the goal to limit global warming to 1.5°C, in line with the highest ambition of the Paris Agreement. "}
{"id": "doc7183", "text": "Here are some of the core areas that Sainsbury’s will focus on to tackle climate change."}
{"id": "doc7184", "text": "• Reduction in carbon emissions: Sainsbury’s will reduce greenhouse gas emissions within its own operations to net zero, increasing the use of renewable energy while reducing overall energy usage. Fridges will be made as efficient as possible through the use of innovative technology and by increasing the use of natural refrigerants. By the end of 2022, all Sainsbury’s stores will be 100% lit by LED."}
{"id": "doc7185", "text": "Also, the retailer will increasing the percentage of its truck fleet using alternative zero and low carbon fuels to 20% by 2025."}
{"id": "doc7186", "text": "• Lowering water usage: Sainsbury’s will minimize the use of water in its own operations, driving towards being water neutral by 2040. As the first retailer to be certified with the Carbon Trust Water Standard, Sainsbury’s uses 1 billion liters less water annually than in 2005. One hundred and seventy stores are fitted with rainwater harvesting facilities and these are now standard in new stores."}
{"id": "doc7187", "text": "The company will review every aspect of water use in its business, measuring and lowering the amount of water used in bathrooms and will look to recycle water from areas such as ice on fish counters and car washes."}
{"id": "doc7188", "text": "• Use of plastic: Sainsbury’s will halve plastic packaging by 2025 and then go further, being the first U.K. supermarket to make a commitment of this scale. "}
{"id": "doc7189", "text": "By the end of 2020, dark colored, hard-to-recycle plastic and polystyrene packaging from Sainsbury’s own brands will be replaced with recyclable alternatives.  Also, where possible, plastic film on fruit and vegetables will be replaced or removed. For spring summer 2020 the transit packaging on the chain’s “Home Cookshop” delivery will be removed and replaced by paper, removing 662 tons of plastic."}
{"id": "doc7190", "text": "• Recycling: Sainsbury’s will increase the use of recycling in its own operations and make it easier for customers and colleagues to recycle. The retailer will recycle more operational waste and continue to expand and provide facilities to help customers recycle unwanted clothing, metal cans, glass, paper, batteries and other materials."}
{"id": "doc7191", "text": "• Tackling food waste: Sainsbury’s is committed to reducing food waste by 50% by 2030. It has developed innovative packaging and clearer labelling to increase the shelf life of products and let customers know how long they can enjoy them for, meaning less food goes to waste."}
{"id": "doc7192", "text": "Sainsbury’s, which has sent no food to landfill since 2013, has 2,093 food donation programs in place across supermarkets and convenience stores, ensuring that 87% of its stores redistribute food to good causes locally."}
{"id": "doc7193", "text": "Click here for more on Sainsbury’s sustainable initiatives."}
{"id": "doc7194", "text": "The ongoing U.S.-China trade war may have mildly impacted retail sales in September."}
{"id": "doc7195", "text": "Retail sales in September were down 0.1% seasonally adjusted from August but up 4.5% unadjusted year-over-year, according to the National Retail Federation (NRF). The numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc7196", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which said that overall September sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were down 0.3% seasonally adjusted from August but up 4.1% unadjusted year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7197", "text": "“The pullback in September compared with August is possibly a reaction to increased fears over U.S.-China tensions,” NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz said. “While uncertainty around trade policy and other issues has dampened consumer sentiment recently, consumers still have a lot going for them as evidenced by longer-term trends and factors like the tight labor market. September is a tricky month to measure because of seasonal factors like the end of summer and back-to-school spending, and this year’s early Labor Day may have moved up some spending into the last days of August.”"}
{"id": "doc7198", "text": "Specifics from key retail sectors during September include:•    Online and other non-store sales were up 15.6% year-over-year but down 0.3% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Health and personal care stores were up 4.2% year-over-year and up 0.6% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Grocery and beverage stores were up 2.6% year-over-year but down 0.1% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Building materials and garden supply stores were up 2.5% year-over-year but down 1% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Furniture and home furnishings stores were up 1.1% year-over-year and up 0.6% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Sporting goods stores were unchanged year-over-year but down 0.1% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    General merchandise stores were down 0.2% year-over-year and down 0.3% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Clothing and clothing accessory stores were down 0.7% year-over-year but up 1.3% month-over-month seasonally adjusted.•    Electronics and appliance stores were down 1.7% year-over-year but unchanged month-over-month seasonally adjusted."}
{"id": "doc7199", "text": "As of September, the three-month moving average was up 4.9% over the same period a year ago, compared with 4.1% in August. September’s results build on gains of 0.5% month-over-month and 4.7% year-over-year in August."}
{"id": "doc7200", "text": "Retail sales rebounded in October, but the gains were fueled mostly by online and grocery. "}
{"id": "doc7201", "text": "Retail sales in October inched up 0.2% over September, according to the National Retail Federation, and were up 4.2% year-over-year. The numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc7202", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which said Friday that overall October sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were up 0.3% from September and up 3.1%% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7203", "text": "The rise in October sales was due to gains in three sectors: online, grocery and general merchandise stores. Sales were down month-over-month in apparel and accessories; home furnishings; sporting goods; building supplies and garden supply; and electronics and appliances."}
{"id": "doc7204", "text": "October’s results make up for most of the 0.3% month-over-month decline seen in September and build on September’s year-over-year increase of 4.1%. As of October, the three-month moving average was up 4.3% over the same period a year ago, compared with 4.7% in September."}
{"id": "doc7205", "text": "“Despite the gradual slowdown in the U.S. economy, consumers are in a good place and October’s retail sales are a step forward into the all-important holiday season,” said NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz said. “Uncertainty around trade policy has impacted consumer sentiment recently but ongoing job growth, low interest rates, low inflation and the stock market hitting record highs provide support for consumer spending.”"}
{"id": "doc7206", "text": "Specifics from key retail sectors for October month-over-month sales are below."}
{"id": "doc7207", "text": "•    Online and other non-store sales were up 0.9%.•    Grocery and beverage stores were up 0.5%.•    General merchandise stores were up 0.4%.  •    Health and personal care stores were unchanged.•    Clothing and clothing accessory stores were down 1.0%.•    Furniture and home furnishings stores were down 0.9%.•    Sporting goods stores were down 0.8%.•    Building materials and garden supply stores were down 0.5%.•    Electronics and appliance stores down 0.4%."}
{"id": "doc7208", "text": "Holiday sales came in on the higher end of estimates by the National Retail Federation, but not all retail sectors shared in the good news."}
{"id": "doc7209", "text": "Sales during November and December in 2019 grew 4.1% to $730.2 billion, according to the NRF, whose numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants. Online and other non-store sales, which are included in the total, rose 14.6%. "}
{"id": "doc7210", "text": "The NRF had previously forecast that holiday retail sales would increase between 3.8% and 4.2% over 2018, totaling between $727.9 billion and $730.7 billion."}
{"id": "doc7211", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which announced that overall December sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were up 0.3% seasonally adjusted from November and up 5.8% unadjusted year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7212", "text": "“This was a healthy holiday season, especially compared with the decline in retail sales we saw at the end of the season in 2018,” said NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz said. “Despite a late Thanksgiving and worries about tariffs, the consumer didn’t go away. We’ve had months of strong employment numbers, high wages and strong household balance sheets. There’s no doubt that gave consumers a sense of confidence about their ability to spend, and they did their part to keep the economy moving.”"}
{"id": "doc7213", "text": "Retail sales in December increased 0.5% seasonally adjusted over November and were up 6.7% unadjusted year-over-year.  December’s results follow November’s decline of 0.1% month-over-month and increase of 1.3% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7214", "text": "Kleinhenz said the modest growth in November and the large increase in December came partly because two key days of the Thanksgiving shopping weekend – the Sunday and also Cyber Monday – fell in December this year."}
{"id": "doc7215", "text": "The online channel registered the biggest growth during the November-December season, with sales up 14%, followed by grocery and beverage stores, with a 2.9% increase. But some sectors, including electronics stores where sales fell 2%, registered declines. "}
{"id": "doc7216", "text": "Here are specifics from key retail sectors during the November-December holiday season include:"}
{"id": "doc7217", "text": "•    Furniture and home furnishings stores were up 2.6% year-over-year.•    Health and personal care stores were up 1.6% year-over-year.•    Building materials and garden supply stores were up 1% year-over-year.•    General merchandise stores were up 0.4% year-over-year.•    Sporting goods stores were down 0.4% year-over-year.•    Clothing and clothing accessory stores were down 1.6% year-over-year.•    Electronics and appliance stores were down 2% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7218", "text": "Retail sales advanced at a snail’s pace in November as consumers cut back on spending. "}
{"id": "doc7219", "text": "Retail sales inched up 0.1% in November over October and were up 2.1%   year-over-year,  reported the National Retail Federation. The numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc7220", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which said Friday that overall November sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were up 0.2% seasonally adjusted from October and up 3.3% unadjusted year-over-year. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast retail sales would accelerate 0.5% in November. "}
{"id": "doc7221", "text": "In a statement, NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz acknowledged the modest November growth, but cautioned that the late timing of Thanksgiving delayed the beginning of the busiest portion of the holiday season and pushed Cyber Monday’s billions of dollars of retail sales into December."}
{"id": "doc7222", "text": "“These numbers are more about the calendar than consumer confidence,” Kleinhenz said. “Consumer spending has been solid, and there’s still a lot of spending to be done. With strong employment and higher wages, we’re on track for a strong holiday season.”"}
{"id": "doc7223", "text": "Kleinhenz noted that the year-over-year comparison was challenging because November 2018 was up an unusually strong 4.7% over the year before. But December 2018 was down 0.2% from the year before, making it likely that next month could show a strong comparison."}
{"id": "doc7224", "text": "Specifics from key retail sectors for November month-over-month sales include:"}
{"id": "doc7225", "text": "Green Growth Brands is removing the need to physically locate, position and scan its products from source to store."}
{"id": "doc7226", "text": "The cannabis and CBD company, which operates CBD stores under the Seventh Sense banner, is leveraging RFID technology from Yobi Software to reduce labor costs, improve inventory accuracy, and meet tight governmental chain-of-custody and lifecycle tracking regulations for cannabis plants and products."}
{"id": "doc7227", "text": "Having decided that an RFID-based platform would best allow it to effectively harvest plants and then track and manage inventory throughout its entire supply chain, Green Growth Brands (GGB) selected Yobi as its technology provider. GGB based its decision on Yobi’s modular architecture and data retention practices, as well as its experience working with companies including Amazon, Zappos, and Harley Davidson. "}
{"id": "doc7228", "text": "The seven-month deployment process involved coordinating with multiple vendors to ensure Yobi could quickly deploy the solution across the country. The team created a module to allow GGB to install the software and test the functionality on its devices at its corporate headquarters, and then ship them to the stores the week they opened. This removed the need for a technical expert to be on-site at each store, and reduced the cost of the deployment for both Yobi and GGB."}
{"id": "doc7229", "text": "Green Growth Brands is currently using Yobi RFID technology in its cultivation and harvesting processes, as well as in its nearly 200 retail stores. GGB is running pilots to use RFID to handle retail inventory, and also using Yobis POS system for its CBD product kiosks."}
{"id": "doc7230", "text": "Since deploying RFID, GGB has entered into creative agreements with mall operators including Simon Property Group, Brookfield Properties, and the Taubman Centers to place its 7th Sense CBD kiosks in 200 locations across the country, with the rollout launched in less than a year. "}
{"id": "doc7231", "text": "GGB also now has the ability to operate up to 47 cannabis dispensaries across Nevada, Massachusetts, and Florida. Because of the successful execution on the CBD rollout, Yobi has been selected to power all of these dispensaries as well. "}
{"id": "doc7232", "text": "Green Growth Brands has delivered on its promise of rapid store expansion."}
{"id": "doc7233", "text": "The cannabis and CBD company, which operates CBD stores under the Seventh Sense banner, is on target to have 200 locations opened by the start of the holiday shopping season. The brand, which currently has some 150 stores across 35 states, opened its first store in February. "}
{"id": "doc7234", "text": "Seventh Sense shops sell a variety of botanical therapy CBD-infused personal care and beauty products, with more than 100 SKUs across bath, body, face, therapeutic, and sleep categories. According to data provided by the company, nearly 20% of the customers in the consumer database have made a repeat purchase and repeat online purchases occur on average every 31 days."}
{"id": "doc7235", "text": "Later this month, Seventh Sense will launch its first national media campaign, heavily focusing on digital and branded media partnerships. "}
{"id": "doc7236", "text": "Earler this year, Green Growth announced a partnership with Brookfield Properties to open more than 70 shops at Brookfield’s shopping centers throughout the United States.  It also has a partnership with Simon to open stores at Simon malls. "}
{"id": "doc7237", "text": "Millennials have some very specific preferences when it comes to shopping and making returns."}
{"id": "doc7238", "text": "Of the 63% of millennials who purchase items online, 76% prefer to make returns in-store, and 76% of them stay and shop after making a return in-store, according to an annual survey by investment bank Roth Capital Partners. "}
{"id": "doc7239", "text": "The study, conducted in partnership with Mfour Mobile Research, also found that 47% of millennials are more likely to purchase digitally native brands and 73% are Amazon Prime members."}
{"id": "doc7240", "text": "For the second year in a row, Nike, Adidas and Vans are the leading fashion footwear brands among millennials. Gucci is the most popular luxury goods brand. Millennials view Serta, Sealy, Tempur-Pedic, Purple and Casper as the mattress brands that best serve their needs"}
{"id": "doc7241", "text": "Key findings from the Roth Millennial Survey include:"}
{"id": "doc7242", "text": "• 45% of millennials have purchased apparel products from brands that they first discovered on Instagram;"}
{"id": "doc7243", "text": "• 53% are willing to pay a premium of 10% or more for socially responsible brand; "}
{"id": "doc7244", "text": "• 74% own reusable water bottles or tumblers, with YETI, Hydro Flask and Contigo being the most popular"}
{"id": "doc7245", "text": "• Approximately two-thirds use dairy alternatives, regardless of their income level, and 72% of those who use dairy alternatives are willing to pay a premium of at least 5%; and "}
{"id": "doc7246", "text": "• 24% of millennials use CBD, and purchasing decisions are most influenced by quality, value and friend recommendation."}
{"id": "doc7247", "text": "“We are in the infancy of two very large market opportunities for brands and products in the CBD and cannabis industry,” said Scott Fortune, Director, Research Analyst at Roth. “The survey confirms the increasing use case for millennials to gravitate toward quality brands and products.”"}
{"id": "doc7248", "text": "Publix Super Markets is expanding its revamped organic and natural foods concept, GreenWise Market. "}
{"id": "doc7249", "text": "GreenWise Market has opened a new store in Lexington, South Carolina, at the Lexington Marketplace. It is the fifth GreenWise Market to open to date and the second in South Carolina."}
{"id": "doc7250", "text": "The first new-concept GreenWise Market opened in Tallahassee, Florida, in October 2018. Two more locations opened earlier this year, and a total of 12 locations have been announced. The company continues to look for additional GreenWise Market locations throughout its operating area. "}
{"id": "doc7251", "text": "GreenWise Market is home to a curated selection of specialty, natural and organic products and a large variety of prepared foods, as well as in-house smoked meats, in-house made sausages, organic produce, gourmet meats and cheeses, and body care items. The store has a streamlined, modern look, with bold signage and industrial accents. It is divided into zones, including “Care,” “Finds,” “Eats,” “Cuts” and “Pours.”  In the Pours zone, customers can purchase a glass of wine, locally brewed beer, locally roasted coffee or another beverage."}
{"id": "doc7252", "text": "The Lexington store also includes a multi-panel mural by local artist and architect Wayne Rogers that serves as both an abstract lake scene and a metaphor for what ties the town together."}
{"id": "doc7253", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7254", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7255", "text": "An upscale footwear and accessories brand opened a pop-up store in the Big Apple — but in an unlikely place. "}
{"id": "doc7256", "text": "Cole Haan’s new pop-up store can be found at the National Retail Federation’s annual conference, NRF 2020 Vision, which is being held at the Jacob Javits Center in New York City from Jan. 12-14. The pop-up is located inside the booth of retailer’s e-commerce solution provider, Aptos. "}
{"id": "doc7257", "text": "The pop-up shop features the retailer’s gravity-defying GrandPro Rally Sneakers, and a new line of Zerogrand outerwear. NRF attendees can place mobile orders onsite and have merchandise delivered to their hotel rooms — two services that are supported by Aptos fulfillment and order management solutions. "}
{"id": "doc7258", "text": "Cole Haan, which operates more than 100 stores in the U.S., and abroad, is currently preparing to take its company public. In October, the company confidentially submitted a draft registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the proposed initial public offering of its common stock. The size and price range of the proposed offering have not yet been determined."}
{"id": "doc7259", "text": "Cole Haan is owned by U.K. private equity firm Apax Partners, which acquired the company from Nike in 2013."}
{"id": "doc7260", "text": "Cole Haan is prepping to go public."}
{"id": "doc7261", "text": "The upscale footwear and accessories brand said that it has confidentially submitted a draft registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the proposed initial public offering of its common stock. Cole Haan is owned by U.K. private equity firm Apax Partners, which acquired the company from Nike in 2013."}
{"id": "doc7262", "text": "The size and price range of the proposed offering have not yet been determined. The IPO is expected to commence after the SEC completes its review process, subject to market and other conditions, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc7263", "text": "In its most recent fiscal year ended June 1, Cole Haan’s sales rose 14% to $687 million and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization rise 56% to $95.3 million, according to Bloomberg. "}
{"id": "doc7264", "text": "Cole Haan operates more than 100 stores in the U.S., and also has stores abroad."}
{"id": "doc7265", "text": "Cole Haan has opened a format dedicated to its superlight ZeroGrand shoe brand."}
{"id": "doc7266", "text": "Grandshop, at Westfield Valley Mall in Santa Clara, Calif., in the heart of the Silicon Valley, is designed to be modular and mobile. "}
{"id": "doc7267", "text": "The 940-sq.-ft. store, part of Westfields expansion of the existing center, reflects ZeroGrand’s focus on young, urban professionals. It’s Cole Haan’s first U.S. Grandshop (16th globally) and the first to utilize near-field communication technology. (An additional Grandshop is on track to open this summer, in Aventura, Fla.)"}
{"id": "doc7268", "text": "The technology provides shoppers with an immersive and seamless retail experience that blends online convenience with offline benefits, such as the ability to try on. Shoppers use their phones to tap to special terminals to find out whether the store has a certain size in stock or view more product details or reviews on Cole Haans website. They can also tap to purchase and have the goods shipped directly to their preferred destination. "}
{"id": "doc7269", "text": "This first Grandshop was designed for the young, extraordinary pioneers of Silicon Valley whose lives reflect their personal and professional passions and who work to disrupt the status quo,” said David Maddocks, chief marketing officer & GM business development at Cole Haan."}
{"id": "doc7270", "text": "The merchandise assortment is dedicated mostly to Cole Haan’s ZeroGrand line, including add-on categories such as Women’s Grand Ambition, along with accessories and bags made of ultra-light technical materials from the brand’s lifestyle categories. "}
{"id": "doc7271", "text": "Upscale footwear brand Cole Haan is looking to go public."}
{"id": "doc7272", "text": "The company confirmed to CNBC that it is preparing for an initial public offering. Cole Haan is owned by private equity firm Apax Partners, which acquired it in 2013 from Nike."}
{"id": "doc7273", "text": "“Based on the momentum we have generated in the business and the opportunities we believe are before Cole Haan, we have determined that now is the time to prepare for an initial public offering of the company’s shares,” CEO Jack Boys said in an emailed statement to CNBC."}
{"id": "doc7274", "text": "The move comes as the footwear industry is bracing for the impact of additional tariffs on Chinese imports. About 70% of shoes sold in the U.S. come from China, although Cole Haan has said it primarily sources its manufacturing in Vietnam and India, reported CNBC.  To read the full story, click here."}
{"id": "doc7275", "text": "Count on Target Corp. to be among the most dominant players of the year. "}
{"id": "doc7276", "text": "That’s according to foot traffic analytics platform Placer.ai, which explored the biggest retailers of 2019 to determine who will dominate retailing this year.  "}
{"id": "doc7277", "text": "Here are some highlights from the Placer.ai report:"}
{"id": "doc7278", "text": "• Target: The discounter is crushing it as it moves to include higher-priced offerings that speak to a more upmarket. The data validates its strategy: Twenty-five percent of Target’s audience has a household income of over $100,000, significantly more than Walmart.   Decisions to launch multi-format stores and locations in major cities support this focus on higher-income areas."}
{"id": "doc7279", "text": "“These strategies indicate that coming off an exceptional year, Target might have even more growth in its sights,” according to the report. "}
{"id": "doc7280", "text": "• Bed Bath & Beyond: Despite a disappointing 2019, the strategic direction seems to be completely dead on. The company recently hired ex-Target executive Mark Tritton as CEO and is rumored to be aiming to bring on former Target CFO Cathy Smith as well. "}
{"id": "doc7281", "text": "Target is a perfect North Star for Bed Bath & Beyond for several reasons, according to the report. Both brands are increasingly tilting upmarket with a huge opportunity for growth among a higher-income audience. And Bed Bath & Beyond sees more of its audience with an average household income of above $100,000 than Target. And this is where replicating some of Target’s strategies makes so much sense. "}
{"id": "doc7282", "text": "• CVS Pharmacy: CVS began testing its new HealthHUBs at three different locations and with such positive market responses, decided to increase the total amount of HealthHUBs across the country to 1,500 by the end of 2021. Since the launch in February 2019, the pilot locations continue to perform well. Overall visits are trending upward as average duration of customer visits are at an impressive 40-minutes."}
{"id": "doc7283", "text": "“With the addition of its HealthHUBs, CVS has positioned itself well amongst its competitors as the leading one-stop-shop pharmacy,” the report stated. “In an era where e-commerce and digital initiatives are on the rise, it’s important for brands to know how to interact with consumers and create a personal in-store environment, and that’s exactly what CVS plans to do in 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc7284", "text": "• Ulta Beauty: The beauty giant Ulta Beauty continued to surprise with its ever-evolving offline and digital marketing strategies. And 2019 was no different, as Ulta committed itself to enhancing the overall consumer experience by offering more personalized in-store experiences. It’s set to finish the year, as one of the top-performing retail stocks of the decade.  "}
{"id": "doc7285", "text": "Ulta’s strategies are paying off: It experienced a 300% spike in traffic above the baseline average for Black Friday in 2019. Each month from November 1, 2018 to November 30, 2019, saw an overall increase in visits. "}
{"id": "doc7286", "text": "“As Ulta separates itself from its competitors and focuses on driving offline traffic and offering unparalleled in-store experiences, it will be on pace to keep its title as the leading beauty brand in 2020,” Placer.ai stated."}
{"id": "doc7287", "text": "Honorable Mention: Wegmans Food Markets, Publix Super Markets, TJ Maxx and Nike."}
{"id": "doc7288", "text": "For the full Placer.ai report, click here."}
{"id": "doc7289", "text": "The rise of mega-projects such as Hudson Yards and American Dream is one of five trends that defined 2019 and could have a crucial impact in 2020. "}
{"id": "doc7290", "text": "That’s according to advanced foot traffic analytics platform Placer.ai, which has released a list of five trends that dominated and changed the retail landscape in 2019 and continue to gain momentum as the industry heads into 2020."}
{"id": "doc7291", "text": "Here is Placer.ai’s take on the five trends. "}
{"id": "doc7292", "text": "1. The Rise of the Mega Project"}
{"id": "doc7293", "text": "In October, American Dream, the 3 million-sq.-ft. retail and entertainment complex at the Meadowlands in East Rutherford, N.J. opened phase one. And in December, the mega-mall opened Big SNOW – the first and only indoor, real-snow, year-round ski and snow resort in North America. Last week, the Miami Herald reported that the country’s largest shopping center is coming to Miami-Dade in 2025. Mega-projects are rising all over the country and changing the retail landscape and experience."}
{"id": "doc7294", "text": "Placer.ai’s trend analysis: Recent mega-projects’ immediate impact goes far beyond the single project. From Hudson Yards to Essex Crossing to the Boston Seaport, these massive developments drive traffic from locals to tourists and their buzz keeps getting louder. Placer.ai expects 2020 to bring about a variety of new projects and openings to recreate this magic across the country."}
{"id": "doc7295", "text": "2. Store Closures: Retail Apocalypse Vs. Correction"}
{"id": "doc7296", "text": "Earlier this month, Coresight Research published their report “Weekly US and UK Store Openings and Closures Tracker 2019” which found “In the US, 9,302 store closures have been announced year to date, compared to 5,844 closures for the full year 2018; 4,392 store openings have been announced year to date, compared to 3,258 openings in 2018.” "}
{"id": "doc7297", "text": "Placer.ai’s trend analysis: When major retailers shutter a location, many conclude that the “retail apocalypse” claimed its latest victim. Yet, Placer.ai’s data shows that not all store closures are equal. While stores like Sears and Kmart are struggling, Walmart discovered their superstores were cannibalizing each other and found strategic closings optimized efficiency."}
{"id": "doc7298", "text": "3.Nic(h)e & New: Filling the Retail Vacuum"}
{"id": "doc7299", "text": "This past week, the Dallas Morning News reported that just as Nike has built a huge direct to consumer business, newer brands are following their lead. “Big brands with huge consumer ID have been selling directly to consumers for years, but new direct-to-consumer brands are grabbing attention with big advertising budgets.”"}
{"id": "doc7300", "text": "Placer.ai analysis: A rising number of product-oriented companies are focusing on expanding their branded retail footprint and they expect it to continue. Stores like Nike, Puma, Lululemon, and Levis are all focusing on their relationships with consumers and using brick and mortar to strengthen online sales. "}
{"id": "doc7301", "text": "4. Kings of QSR: Chicken, ‘Holidays’, and Veganism"}
{"id": "doc7302", "text": "After the roaring success of chicken wars, it seems the early bird gets the worm. McDonald’s just threw down the gauntlet (or fork) announcing the newest food battle, which we term “Breakfast Wars.” Food and Wine recently reported that “McDonalds will add two chicken sandwiches to the breakfast menu in January 2020.” Now we hungrily await the other fast-food rivals edible response."}
{"id": "doc7303", "text": "Placer.ai predicts the wider QSR sector could be in for a banner year in 2020. Although the fast-casual sector may be suffering, Placer.ai’s data shows this is not the case across the entire QSR space. The Chicken Wars for Popeyes and Chick-fil-A’s led to stratospheric success with foot traffic spikes just under 300% above baseline. "}
{"id": "doc7304", "text": "Placer.ai is also keeping an eye on Starbucks as a brand that has leveraged interesting offers to create demand in periods of lesser brand affinity. From a tie-dye Frappuccino to pumpkin spice Lattes, Starbucks has shown a mastery of finding the right mix of gimmick and value to own the calendar in a way many companies could only dream of. "}
{"id": "doc7305", "text": "5. Maximized Retail Footprints"}
{"id": "doc7306", "text": "Placer.ai’s final key trend is maximized retail footprints. Earlier this year, both Wendy’s and Panera announced moves to expand their menus to more effectively tackle areas that weren’t within their current core strengths. Following McDonald’s lead, they found a way to improve the value created off of these fixed costs."}
{"id": "doc7307", "text": "Another example of this is the experiential retail pushes being led by brands like Lululemon and CVS. The former opened a Chicago location that provides space for classes and a restaurant for a post-workout recharge resulting in much higher off-peak traffic. The same concept drove a powerful idea for CVS’s Health Hubs. Placer.ai data showed that visits were lasting longer and taking place during periods that didn’t align with the national average. This means CVS was driving more visits and driving them during off-peak hours."}
{"id": "doc7308", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has a new chief merchant."}
{"id": "doc7309", "text": "The home goods chain named Joe Hartsig as executive VP, chief merchandising officer of Bed Bath & Beyond and president of the company’s cosmetics, health and beauty business, Harmon Stores Inc., effective immediately."}
{"id": "doc7310", "text": "Most recently, Hartsig served as senior VP and chief merchandising officer at Walgreens, where he managed the front of store retail products division. Prior to Walgreens, which he joined in 2013, Hartsig served as senior VP, GMM, at Walmart’s Sam’s Club. Before that, he was with Motorola. "}
{"id": "doc7311", "text": "Hartsig’s appointment comes as Mark Tritton, who joined Bed Bath & Beyond as CEO in late 2019 from Target Corp., where he was chief merchant, is working to turn around the struggling chain. In December, Bed Bath & Beyond announced the departure of six executives, including the company’s chief merchant and chief marketing officer. Most recently, it announced a reduction in the size of its corporate workforce as part of a restructuring to streamline field operations."}
{"id": "doc7312", "text": "At Bed Bath & Beyond, Hartsig, who will report directly to Tritton, will be responsible for developing and implementing its product strategy, which involves launching new private label brands, one of the keys to its new strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc7313", "text": "“Joes experience as one of the leading innovators in retail makes him perfectly suited to help re-establish our authority in the home, baby and beauty markets and were excited to welcome him to this critically important role,” said Tritton. “Improving the curation and differentiation of our assortment is our number one strategic priority, and Joe will be the driving force behind our ambition to make it easy to feel at home with Bed Bath & Beyond, while also providing the leadership and vision needed to grow our Harmon business."}
{"id": "doc7314", "text": "In a statement, Hartsig said the opportunity to help rebuild “an iconic brand like Bed Bath & Beyond was too good to miss."}
{"id": "doc7315", "text": "Mark [Tritton] has a clear vision to reconstruct a modern, durable business model with a differentiated merchandising strategy at its heart,” he added."}
{"id": "doc7316", "text": "The company said it is on track in its search to fill a number of other strategic leadership roles and that it would provide an update on additional hires soon."}
{"id": "doc7317", "text": "The online grocery wars show no signs of slowing down anytime soon."}
{"id": "doc7318", "text": "Walmart announced a new grocery pickup milestone: Curbside pickup of select alcohol beverages is now available in 2,000 Walmart locations in 29 states, including California, Texas and Florida.  The discounter will also make deliveries of adult beverages from nearly 200 stores across two states – California and Florida - with more being added in accordance with local and state regulations."}
{"id": "doc7319", "text": "The online program offers a wide variety of wine and beer options.  Depending on local laws, select locations also allow for the pickup of spirits. "}
{"id": "doc7320", "text": "Walmart has been expanding its online alcohol shopping options for  a while. Customers shop the chain’s selection similar to how they do for groceries. But there is one big exception: The customer must provide valid photo identification at the time of pickup verifying that they 21 years of age or older.   "}
{"id": "doc7321", "text": "Fashion retailer Primark is adding a high-profile location to its fledgling U.S. portfolio."}
{"id": "doc7322", "text": "The value-focused brand  has signed a lease to open a 34,200-sq.-ft. store at the corner of 11th and Market Streets in Fashion District Philadelphia. The District, which opened in September, is a retail and entertainment center located in the heart of downtown Philly and spans three city blocks across 900,000 sq. ft. "}
{"id": "doc7323", "text": "The new Primark will open in the company’s fiscal year 20/21, which runs from September 13th 2020 to September 11th 2021."}
{"id": "doc7324", "text": "“Primark, a growing international brand, is a perfect addition to the growing Fashion District tenant roster, further establishing the property as an engaging mix of accessible retail and social experiences in line with evolving consumer preferences,” said Joseph F. Coradino, CEO of PREIT. “The District is well-positioned to offer visitors a multi-faceted destination inclusive of coveted and first-to-Philadelphia brands that will drive guest visitation.”  (Fashion District Philadelphia is a joint venture partnership with PREIT and Macerich.)"}
{"id": "doc7325", "text": "Primark, founded in 1969 and owned by Associated British Foods,  offers a diverse range of the latest trends — at bargain prices — in clothing for women, men, and children along with homeware, accessories and beauty. The retailer opened its first U.S. store in 2015, in Boston. It now has nine locations in the Northeast: Downtown Crossing, Boston; King of Prussia Mall and Willow Grove Mall in Pennsylvania; Freehold Raceway Mall in New Jersey; Danbury Fair Mall in Connecticut; South Shore Braintree and Burlington Mall in Massachusetts; and Staten Island Mall and Kings Plaza Shopping Center, Brooklyn in New York.   "}
{"id": "doc7326", "text": "In addition, Primark expects to open previously announced stores at American Dream, New Jersey;  Sawgrass Mills, Florida; and State Street, Chicago, over the next 18 months."}
{"id": "doc7327", "text": "“We are delighted to announce Primark has secured an additional Northeast location as part of the company’s continued expansion in the United States,” said Andy Stewart, retail president, Primark U.S. “Our Fashion District store will mark another important milestone in bringing Primark’s unique formula of Amazing Fashion, Amazing Prices to more U.S. customers.”"}
{"id": "doc7328", "text": "Walgreens has named a chief marketing office with a digital background."}
{"id": "doc7329", "text": "The drugstore giant has appointed Patrick McLean as chief marketing officer, effective Nov.4.  He replaces Alyssa Raine, who was named acting chief marketing officer in May after chief marketer Adam Holyk, took on the position of senior VP of consumer and retail services. Raine remains at Walgreens as VP of brand marketing, brand marketing strategy and planning."}
{"id": "doc7330", "text": "Prior to joining Walgreens, McLean served as  as executive VP, chief marketing officer and head of corporate and public affairs at TD Bank,  where he helped engineer a digital first and data-driven strategy."}
{"id": "doc7331", "text": "Previously, he was VP, digital brand strategy and digital CMO at Capital One Financial Corporation, and head of interactive marketing and e-commerce at Verizon. "}
{"id": "doc7332", "text": "At Walgreens, McLean will report to Vineet Mehra, global chief marketing officer of Walgreens parent  Walgreens Boots Alliance."}
{"id": "doc7333", "text": "“At WBA, we are at the intersection of healthcare, beauty and retail, and therefore our content needs to be deeply personal and relevant,” stated Mehra. Patrick McLean shares our vision to approach marketing through a personalized, customer-obsessed lens, and ensuring that we deliver extraordinary experiences that enrich our customers’ lives. We are thrilled to have him join our team and lead us through this next phase of our growth."}
{"id": "doc7334", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. exceeded analyst expectations for earnings per share (EPS) and revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2020."}
{"id": "doc7335", "text": "The luxury clothing and accessories company reported net income of $334 million, or $4.41 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, net income was $217 million, or $2.86 per diluted share, excluding the impact of tax reform and restructuring-related and other charges. This compared to net income of $120 million, or $1.48 per diluted share on a reported basis, and net income of $188 million, or $2.32 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, for the third quarter of fiscal 2019."}
{"id": "doc7336", "text": "Wall Street analysts had predicted adjusted EPS of $2.45. Revenue totaled $1.75 billion, up 1% on a year-over-year basis and ahead of a forecasted $1.72 billion. North America revenue increased slightly to $911 million, with same-store sales rising 4%. Europe revenue in the third quarter increased 3% to $438 million on a reported basis and 5% in constant currency, with same-store sales growing 2%. Asia revenue in the third quarter increased 5% to $290 million on both a reported and constant currency basis, although same-store sales dropped 1%. However, excluding Hong Kong, same-store sales in Asia rose 2%. We continue to make strong progress on our Next Great Chapter plan amid a volatile backdrop, with third-quarter results ahead of our overall expectations, including better than expected revenues, operating margin, and double-digit EPS growth, said Patrice Louvet, president and CEO, Ralph Lauren Corp. Over the important holiday season, our teams consistently executed across each of our strategic priorities, enabling us to elevate our brand and deliver for our consumers across every touchpoint.”"}
{"id": "doc7337", "text": "For fiscal 2020, the company expects net revenue growth in the range of 2% to 3% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 1.1 to 1.3 percentage points in fiscal 2020. This outlook continues to include the impact of tariffs and business disruptions in Hong Kong but does not include potential impact from the coronavirus outbreak in Asia."}
{"id": "doc7338", "text": "In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the company expects net revenue to be up slightly on both a constant currency and reported basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 0.5 percentage points in the quarter."}
{"id": "doc7339", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. is launching digital product identities (IDs) for tens of millions of Ralph Lauren products, starting with the Polo brand."}
{"id": "doc7340", "text": "By scanning the digital product ID on the product label with a smartphone, consumers can confirm whether their purchase is authentically Ralph Lauren, learn about product detail sand receive styling tips and recommendations. Across the supply chain, digital product IDs enable real-time visibility for the vertical apparel retailer to track product from the point of manufacture and improve inventory management."}
{"id": "doc7341", "text": "Ralph Lauren conducted mass-scale product digitization in partnership with connected IoT platform Evrythng and with technology partner Avery Dennison. The company hosts digital product IDs on an agile platform and as the program scales, it is investigating new features build a stronger, more personalized relationship with customers."}
{"id": "doc7342", "text": "Digital product IDs are being phased into all Polo Ralph Lauren products and are currently available for certain products in select global retail stores and on the Ralph Lauren e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc7343", "text": "“The launch of digital Product IDs demonstrates how we continue to use technology to deliver more for our consumers and ensure the integrity of our products throughout their lifecycle,” said David Lauren, chief innovation officer, Ralph Lauren Corp. “The application of this technology means every Polo product will be ‘born-digital’ which represents a new milestone in data intelligence innovation in our sector.”"}
{"id": "doc7344", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc7345", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc7346", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc7347", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc7348", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc7349", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc7350", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc7351", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc7352", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc7353", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc7354", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc7355", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc7356", "text": "Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates. "}
{"id": "doc7357", "text": "On an earnings call, executives from the off-price giant said the company plans to add about 100 stores this year, consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations."}
{"id": "doc7358", "text": "Ross reported fourth-quarter net earnings of $456.1 million, or $1.28 per share, versus $441.7 million, or $1.20 per share, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.25 per share."}
{"id": "doc7359", "text": "Sales rose to $4.41 billion from $4.11 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $4.36 billion. Same-store sales increased 4%. The fourth-quarter operating margin of 13.3% was slightly better than expected, driven by higher merchandise margin."}
{"id": "doc7360", "text": "For the 2019 fiscal year, earnings per share increased 8% to $4.60, compared to $4.26 in the prior year. Net income for the period was $1.7 billion, up from $1.6 billion last year. Sales for the 2019 year grew 7% to $16.0 billion."}
{"id": "doc7361", "text": "“As we enter 2020, we continue to face our own strong long-term sales and earnings results plus ongoing uncertainty in the macro-economic, political, and retail landscapes,” said CEO Barbara Rentler. “Therefore, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook when projecting our performance for the coming year.”"}
{"id": "doc7362", "text": "The retailer’s guidance also does not reflect the “potential unknown impacts” from the evolving coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc7363", "text": "“While we are closely monitoring the situation, there remains a high level of uncertainty over supply chain disruptions in China,” Rentler said. “In addition, it is unclear how a further possible spread of the coronavirus could negatively impact U.S. consumer demand.”"}
{"id": "doc7364", "text": "Ross operates 1,546 locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 259 dd’s Discounts stores. "}
{"id": "doc7365", "text": "The CEO of Amazon is dramatically stepping up his company’s monetary commitment to sustainability."}
{"id": "doc7366", "text": "In a short Instagram post, Bezos announced the launch of the $10 billion Bezos Earth Fund. The fund, which will begin issuing grants in summer 2020, is designed to support efforts aimed at combating global climate change. "}
{"id": "doc7367", "text": "“Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet, Bezos said in the statement. “I want to work alongside others both to amplify known ways and to explore new ways of fighting the devastating impact of climate change on this planet we all share. This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world. We can save Earth. It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals.”"}
{"id": "doc7368", "text": "Amazon has been engaged in a number of initiatives designed to minimize the etail giant’s impact on the environment. In February 2020, Amazon unveiled the design of a fleet of electric delivery vans it says will eliminate 4 million tons of carbon per year by 2030. The company also plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will be its 4 million-sq.-ft. “HQ2” campus in Arlington, Va., and has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually."}
{"id": "doc7369", "text": "Amazon has received criticism that its previous sustainability initiatives did not go far enough to help counteract climate change. A group of workers called Amazon Employees for Climate Justice have publicly called for the company to do more and up to 2,000 members staged walkouts from Amazon offices and facilities around the world in September 2019. In addition, environmental group Greenpeace issued a statement accusing Bezos of hypocrisy in his latest effort."}
{"id": "doc7370", "text": "Its hypocritical to announce that climate change is the biggest threat to our planet while at the same time boosting the fossil fuel industry by providing advanced computing technologies to the oil and gas industry so that it can discover and drill more oil, more efficiently,” Greenpeace said in the statement. “Amazon also still has work to do to ensure its growing network of data centers fully shifts away from fossil fuels, and the company must transparently report its energy use as Google and Apple do.”"}
{"id": "doc7371", "text": "The investigative journalism series Frontline ran an investigative piece on Bezos and Amazon, including the company’s working conditions, use of technology and general influence on the world, on Tuesday, Feb. 18. Bezos is considered the wealthiest person on Earth, with an estimated net worth of $130 billion."}
{"id": "doc7372", "text": "Rent the Runway’s latest partner is a hotel giant."}
{"id": "doc7373", "text": "The fashion rental giant is teaming up with W Hotels, a division of Marriott International, to bring clothes straight to the closets of hotel guests. The program, called RTR Closet Concierge, launches Dec. 5 at four locations: W Aspen, W South Beach, W Washington D.C. and W Hollywood."}
{"id": "doc7374", "text": "Here’s how it works: Upon booking their room, W Hotel guests will receive a promo code from RTR that gives them the option of choosing four styles to rent for their stay from Rent the Runway’s curated destination selection or from its entire closet for $69. (The destination selection is tailored to each unique location and incorporates Rent the Runway’s proprietary data on trending colors, designers and silhouettes along with the climate of the locale.)  "}
{"id": "doc7375", "text": "Rent the Runway will ship the clothing to the hotel, where the items will be delivered to the room and hanging in the closet when the guest arrives. Four- and eight-day rentals are offered. At checkout, the guest drops off the clothing at the hotel’s welcome desk and the hotel returns the items to Rent the Runway.  "}
{"id": "doc7376", "text": "“Traveling without luggage has always been my dream,” said Jennifer Hyman, co-founder and CEO of Rent the Runway. “We are thrilled to partner with W Hotels to bring the RTR Closet Concierge to life, so travelers can simply show up and have their dream closet waiting for them in their hotel room.” "}
{"id": "doc7377", "text": "Rent the Runway has slowly been expanding its reach and merchandise offerings via various partners. It has drop-off boxes where customers can return items in select WeWork locations and at Nordstrom. And in May, the digital native opened its largest store to date, in San Francisco. In March, it announced a partnership with West Elm to make a curated selection of new and seasonal West Elm textiles for the bedroom and/or living room available for rental."}
{"id": "doc7378", "text": "The fashion rental pioneer is reportedly facing widespread complaints of late and missed deliveries."}
{"id": "doc7379", "text": "According to an article original published Sept. 24 on Recode, within the past week or so hundreds of customers have been posting about canceled deliveries and three-hour-plus customer service wait times on Rent the Runway’s Facebook and Twitter accounts. In particular, the article states many complaints were posted by women who needed to rent an item for a specific event and did not get it in time."}
{"id": "doc7380", "text": "In an emailed statement to Recode, Rent the Runway CEO/co-founder Jennifer Hyman said a major technology upgrade in the retailer’s warehouse created the situation."}
{"id": "doc7381", "text": "“We upgraded a huge tech system in the warehouse this week which caused some orders to be delayed by a day, which then in turn caused an influx of incremental calls into customer service that we’re digging through,” Hyman said in the statement. “Good news is, [the] new system, which will be in full effect next week, dramatically improves inventory availability and our warehouse efficiency. So short-term pain for long-term better experience for our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc7382", "text": "Rent the Runway also reportedly had to apologize to customers for long customer service waits in July. Read the whole article here. "}
{"id": "doc7383", "text": "A system upgrade at Rent the Runway is taking a big toll on the company’s business."}
{"id": "doc7384", "text": "The fashion rental pioneer has put a temporary hold on accepting new subscribers and new event rentals after a tech system upgrade in its warehouse caused some orders to be delayed.  As of September 27, Rent the Runway was running a short statement at the top of its web site that stated: “While we complete a system upgrade, we are not accepting new event reservations for delivery before 10/15.”"}
{"id": "doc7385", "text": "In an email to current subscribers, Rent the Runway co-founder and CEO Jenn Hyman cited “unforeseen issues associated with a significant software transformation that we are executing in our fulfillment operation.”  "}
{"id": "doc7386", "text": "“So that we can focus entirely on you, our current customers, while we fix these issues, we will not be accepting new subscribers or new event rental orders to be delivered before Oct. 15,” she wrote. "}
{"id": "doc7387", "text": "According to an article published September 24 on Recode, within the past week or so hundreds of Rent the Runway customers have been posting about canceled deliveries and three-hour-plus customer service wait times on its  Facebook and Twitter accounts. In particular, many complaints were posted by women who needed to rent an item for a specific event and did not get it in time, the report said."}
{"id": "doc7388", "text": "In related news, the head of supply chain, Marv Cunningham, for Rent the Runway will be stepping down at the end of the month, Business of Fashion reported."}
{"id": "doc7389", "text": "The coronavirus outbreak is expected to have a longer and bigger impact on imports at major U.S. retail container ports than was previously expected."}
{"id": "doc7390", "text": "That’s according to the Global Port Tracker report released Monday by the National Retail Federation and Hackett Associates which found that factory shutdowns and travel restrictions in China continue to affect production. A separate NRF survey of members found that 40% of respondents said they are seeing disruptions to their supply chains from the virus and that another 26% expect to see disruptions as the situation continues"}
{"id": "doc7391", "text": "“There are still a lot of unknowns to fully determine the impact of the coronavirus on the supply chain,” stated NRF VP for supply chain and customs policy Jonathan Gold said. “As factories in China continue to come back online, products are now flowing again. But there are still issues affecting cargo movement, including the availability of truck drivers to move cargo to Chinese ports. Retailers are working with both their suppliers and transportation providers to find paths forward to minimize disruption.”"}
{"id": "doc7392", "text": "U.S. ports covered by Global Port Tracker handled 1.82 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) in January, the latest month for which after-the-fact numbers are available. That was up 5.7% from December but down 3.8% from unusually high numbers a year ago related to U.S. tariffs on goods from China. (A TEU is one 20-foot-long cargo container or its equivalent.)"}
{"id": "doc7393", "text": "February was estimated at 1.42 million TEU, slightly above the 1.41 million TEU expected a month ago but down 12.6% from last year and significantly lower than the 1.54 million TEU forecast before the coronavirus began to have an effect on imports. March is forecast at 1.32 million TEU, down 18.3% from last year and less than the 1.46 million TEU expected last month or the 1.7 million TEU forecast before the virus."}
{"id": "doc7394", "text": "April, which had not previously been expected to be affected, is now forecast at 1.68 million TEU, down 3.5% from last year and lower than the 1.82 million TEU forecast last month."}
{"id": "doc7395", "text": "While the coronavirus makes forecasting difficult, the report calls for imports to jump to 2.02 million TEU in May, a 9.3% increase year-over-year, on the assumption that Chinese factories will have resumed most production by then and will be trying to make up for lower volume earlier. June is forecast at 1.97 million TEU, up 9.6% year-over-year, and July is forecast at 2.03 million TEU, up 3.3% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc7396", "text": "Imports during 2019 totaled 21.6 million TEU, a 0.8% decrease from 2018 amid the ongoing trade war but still the second-highest year on record. The first half of 2020 is forecast to total 10.23 million TEU, down 2.8% from the same period last year and below the 10.47 million TEU forecast a month ago."}
{"id": "doc7397", "text": "“Now that we are in the coronavirus environment, uncertainty has expanded exponentially,” Hackett Associates founder Ben Hackett said. “Our projections are based on the optimistic view that by the end of March or early April some sort of normalcy will have returned to trade.”"}
{"id": "doc7398", "text": "Global Port Tracker, which is produced for NRF by the consulting firm Hackett Associates, provides historical data and forecasts for the U.S. ports of Los Angeles/Long Beach, Oakland, Seattle and Tacoma on the West Coast; New York/New Jersey, Port of Virginia, Charleston, Savannah, Port Everglades, Miami and Jacksonville on the East Coast, and Houston on the Gulf Coast."}
{"id": "doc7399", "text": "Imports at the nation’s major retail container ports are expected to continue at near-record levels this month and the remainder of the year despite a new round of tariffs on goods from China."}
{"id": "doc7400", "text": "That’s according to the monthly Global Port Tracker report released on Thursday by the National Retail Federation and Hackett Associates. The report covers the U.S. ports of Los Angeles/Long Beach, Oakland, Seattle and Tacoma on the West Coast; New York/New Jersey, Port of Virginia, Charleston, Savannah, Port Everglades, Miami and Jacksonville on the East Coast, and Houston on the Gulf Coast."}
{"id": "doc7401", "text": "“Even with virtually everything American imports from China soon to be subject to tariffs, it isn’t quick or easy for retailers to change their supply chains,” said Jonathan Gold, VP for supply chain and customs policy, NRF. “That means American families are ultimately going to pay more for goods they can’t do without. And even if sourcing eventually shifts away from China, it will simply come from other countries. It’s time to stop punishing American businesses, workers and families for China’s wrongdoing.”"}
{"id": "doc7402", "text": "President Trump announced last week that new 10% tariffs on an additional $300 billon in Chinese goods will take effect on September 1. Coupled with 25% tariffs imposed on $250 billion worth of imports over the past year, the new round will tax almost all goods the United States imports from China.  Meanwhile, America’s tariff bill continues to grow. According to data released this week by the Tariffs Hurt the Heartland coalition, American importers paid $6 billion in tariffs in June, one of the highest-tariffed months in U.S. history and up 74% from the same month last year."}
{"id": "doc7403", "text": "“The uncertainties of the administration’s tariff policies continue to vex the markets,” Hackett Associates founder Ben Hackett said. “Our overall outlook is more pessimistic than last month, underlining that trade wars are not harbingers of good things to come.”"}
{"id": "doc7404", "text": "Hackett said the 10% tariffs would not likely have an immediate impact on import volumes but an increase to 25% – as happened earlier this year with the most recent previous round of tariffs – “would have a significant impact and would cause us to lower our trade projections further.”"}
{"id": "doc7405", "text": "U.S. ports covered by Global Port Tracker handled 1.8 million twenty-foot equivalent Units in June, the latest month for which after-the-fact numbers are available. That was down 2.9% from May and down 3% year-over-year. A TEU is one 20-foot-long cargo container or its equivalent."}
{"id": "doc7406", "text": "July was estimated at 1.86 million TEU, down 2.6% year-over-year. August is forecast at 1.91 million TEU, up 0.6%; September at 1.85 million, down 1.1%; October at 1.91 million TEU, down 6.2%; November at 1.84 million TEU, up 1.8%; and December at 1.81 million TEU, down 7.9%."}
{"id": "doc7407", "text": "The August and October numbers would be the highest monthly volumes since 1.96 million TEU last December, tying for the third-highest month on record behind that and the all-time record of 2 billion TEU set last October. While imports will decline year-over-year most months during the remainder of this year, that is largely because of high volumes seen last year as retailers rushed to bring in merchandise ahead of scheduled tariff increases."}
{"id": "doc7408", "text": "The first half of 2019 totaled 10.5 million TEU, up 2.1%over the first half of 2018, and 2019 is expected to total 21.7 million TEU. That would come within 0.4% of last year’s record 21.8 million TEU, which was up an unusually high 6.2%  over 2017."}
{"id": "doc7409", "text": "The Body Shop is putting the spotlight on its longstanding green ethos and activist DNA with the North American launch of its newest retail format.  "}
{"id": "doc7410", "text": "The natural beauty brand has transformed its store at CF Pacific Centre, in Vancouver, Canada, into an “activist workshop” that encourages shoppers to explore and recycle products and learn about how to “fight for a fairer and more beautiful world.” It’s the third location for the concept, with one in London and one in Hong Kong. "}
{"id": "doc7411", "text": "The store’s features include a refill station. As part of The Body Shops new refill program, consumers can purchase refillable aluminum bottles and fill them with various shower gels. There is also a water station where shoppers can refill their water bottles. "}
{"id": "doc7412", "text": "The revamped space has been outfitted with sustainable store fixtures such as reclaimed wood and recycled plastics to help minimize its environmental footprint. It utilizes zinc facade cladding, an eco-friendly material that requires less energy production than other metals and can be produced from recycled materials taken from demolished or re-roofed structures. The store also boasts worktop surfaces that are manufactured from 100% recycled material destined for landfill."}
{"id": "doc7413", "text": "In addition, the store features an “activism corner,” a dedicated space where customers can learn about the brands activist roots and campaign for social change around issues ranging from gender equality to fighting cosmetic animal testing. They can also find out how they can get involved and take a stand with The Body Shops global and local collective of fearless activists. "}
{"id": "doc7414", "text": "The Vancouver location will continue its Return. Recycle. Repeat. program. The program, in partnership with Terracycle encourages shoppers to return their empty bottles, jars, tubs, tubes and pots in exchange for a future purchase voucher."}
{"id": "doc7415", "text": "Our newly transformed Pacific Centre location showcases the best of The Body Shops brand values, said Hilary Lloyd VP of Marketing and Corporate Responsibility at The Body Shop. The new Vancouver concept store marks the return to our activism roots. We want our customers to roll up their sleeves and join us in playing with product, recycling, refilling and campaigning for issues that progress equality."}
{"id": "doc7416", "text": "The Body Shop operates about 3,000 retail locations in more than 70 countries. Along with Aesop, Avon and Natura, The Body Shop is part of Natura &Co."}
{"id": "doc7417", "text": "Best Buy is looking for some seasonal help in front of, and behind, the scenes."}
{"id": "doc7418", "text": "The consumer electronics giant is hiring an unspecified number of “thousands” of people across the country to work in stores and select warehouse facilities this holiday season. Best Buy is not specifically announcing how many seasonal roles it plans to fill. Hiring fairs will take place at all Best Buy stores on Thursday, Oct. 10 and Friday, Oct. 11 from noon to 7 p.m. local time."}
{"id": "doc7419", "text": "Hiring fairs for warehouse positions will be held Thursday, Oct. 10 from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. local time, at the following locations: Atlanta; Bloomington, Minn.; Chicago; Chino, Calif.; Compton, Calif.; Findlay, Ohio; New York; Nichols, NY; Ontario, Calif; Shepherdsville, Ky; and St. Louis."}
{"id": "doc7420", "text": "Prospective seasonal employees can apply in person or submit an online RSVP for an interview. Walk-ins are also accepted at all Best Buy hiring fairs."}
{"id": "doc7421", "text": "The Home Depot is getting ready for its busiest season of the year."}
{"id": "doc7422", "text": "The home improvement giant plans to hire 80,000 associates for the spring season, which is the same amount that it recruited last year. The retailer said jobseekers can apply for both full-time and part-time positions during the next several months. It noted that 90% population lives within 10 miles of a Home Depot store."}
{"id": "doc7423", "text": "Many of the part-time positions will be staffed in Home Depot stores’ garden center.  The company is also hiring for overnight freight, merchandising and other customer service roles across store departments, as well as warehouse associates for its distribution centers. "}
{"id": "doc7424", "text": "More than 90 percent of our store leaders began their careers here as hourly associates, which is a testament to our commitment to growing the careers of our people,” said Tim Hourigan, executive VP of human resources."}
{"id": "doc7425", "text": "To help associates get up to speed quickly, Home Depot said it provides innovative training programs and tools, including a gamified mobile app, e-learning, and on-the-job coaching. The company also noted that it provides tailored benefits to support any stage of life for all part-time and full-time associates, including tuition reimbursement, backup dependent care for children and elders, and discounts on items, such as cell phones and laptops. Additionally, all associates are eligible for paid family leave after one year of service. "}
{"id": "doc7426", "text": "Overall U.S. customer satisfaction is on the decline — and that does not bode well for the economy."}
{"id": "doc7427", "text": "That’s according to the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI), which found that customer satisfaction in the third quarter dropped — for the fourth consecutive quarter — 0.9% to a score of 75.7 (on a scale of 0 to 100). While the previous drops were modest, that is no longer the case. The third-quarter decline, which was across every sector tracked by the ACSI, is equivalent to an annualized decrease of 3.6%."}
{"id": "doc7428", "text": "“This is the largest ACSI decline in five years,” said Claes Fornell, founder and chairman, ACSI. “Not since the first quarter of 2014 has there been an overall annualized drop greater than 3%. Back then, GDP also shrunk by more than 1%.”"}
{"id": "doc7429", "text": "Current GDP growth is positive, but weak at 1.9%. Many analysts point to what they consider strong consumer spending growth of 2.9% as saving the economy in third quarter, but it’s difficult to find much evidence for suggesting that “the U.S. economy is in a good place,” Federal Reserve vice chairman Richard Clarida proclaimed as the Fed cut its benchmark interest rate, the ACSI report pointed out. "}
{"id": "doc7430", "text": "For the economy to grow at a healthy clip – say about 3% – consumer spending growth needs to be about 4% on average. There’s no evidence that such spending is imminent, according to ACSI. On the contrary, declining customer satisfaction tends to push demand curves downward and put pressure on price in order to even sustain the current level of demand."}
{"id": "doc7431", "text": "In addition to the drag on economic growth from declining customer satisfaction and less-than-robust consumer spending, the economy also faces a lack of business confidence, as evidenced by a reduction in capital spending. It too contracted by 3% in the third quarter."}
{"id": "doc7432", "text": "Here is more from the most recent ACSI report:"}
{"id": "doc7433", "text": "Weak customer satisfaction and a lack of business confidence about the near future do not suggest a strong economy. Instead, they suggest uncertainty about consumer spending."}
{"id": "doc7434", "text": "The latter is affected by customer satisfaction expectations from consumption of goods and services, changes in household discretionary income, and in prices. Expectations are formed from previous shopping and consumption experience, which is a bit wanting."}
{"id": "doc7435", "text": "While there isn’t much evidence of inflation, wage growth has plateaued, and customer satisfaction has plummeted. Somewhat paradoxically, perhaps, today’s near-full employment levels don’t help increase customer satisfaction. Instead, high levels of employment tend to increase employee turnover, especially in services industries, with negative effects on customer service and therefore on customer satisfaction."}
{"id": "doc7436", "text": "There are several signs suggesting near-term economic distress. Falling customer satisfaction and weakening business confidence are major ones. Plateauing wage growth doesn’t help. In addition, U.S. productivity is on shaky ground. It’s much below its long-run average and actually fell in the third quarter."}
{"id": "doc7437", "text": "Productivity is a counterpart to ACSI in some ways. Both are important for economic growth. Productivity is about doing more with less. But in a service economy it can be at odds with quality of service and customer satisfaction. As a result, it’s not unusual for ACSI to increase at the expense of productivity and vice versa. For both to deteriorate at the same time is worrisome and quite unusual."}
{"id": "doc7438", "text": "The national ACSI score reflects customer satisfaction across sectors and industries over a rolling 12-month period. For more, follow the ACSI on LinkedIn and Twitter at @theACSI or visit theacsi.org."}
{"id": "doc7439", "text": "Thank you for your interest in The Inevitability of the Third Wave of Physical Retail. Please fill out the fields below to get a preview of the report."}
{"id": "doc7440", "text": "Forever 21 is looking to sell its retail business to a group that includes two of its biggest landlords."}
{"id": "doc7441", "text": "According to documents filed in bankruptcy court, the fast-fashion chain has reached an agreement to sell its assets to a group of buyers that includes Simon Property Group Inc., Brookfield Property Partners and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group for $81.1 million. In the filing, Forever 21 said it is seeking approval to name the three companies at the lead, stalking-horse bidders in an auction. The sale would include most of Forever 21s assets, including its namesake stores, RileyRose beauty stores and its e-commerce platforms."}
{"id": "doc7442", "text": "Other potential buyers have until Friday, Feb.7, to make a counteroffer. If other bids come forth, an auction will be held on Feb. 10. Forever 21 is looking to seek approval of the sale by Feb. 11.  (The Chang family that founded and operates the chain has been working to make an offer by joining up with a private-equity company, the Wall Street Journal reported.)"}
{"id": "doc7443", "text": "Forever 21 filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September, with a plan to close most of its global locations and up to 178 U.S. stores. The company had a total of 815 stores at the time of the filing including 549 locations in the U.S. (It has closed some 100 U.S. stores since the filing.) In court fillings in December, Forever 21 disclosed it has renegotiated its loan to avoid a default in bankruptcy. "}
{"id": "doc7444", "text": "This is not the first time mall owners have stepped in to save a major tenant from likely liquidation and the resulting vacant storefronts in their properties. In 2016, Simon and General Growth Properties, now owned by Brookfield Properties, partnered together as part of a group that won an auction to buy the Aeropostale brand out of bankruptcy court, ultimately keeping its stores open."}
{"id": "doc7445", "text": "Simon and Brookfield ranks among Forever 21’s largest unsecured creditors. "}
{"id": "doc7446", "text": "The third partner in the group to save Forever 21 is Authentic Brands Group, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, after it filed for bankruptcy."}
{"id": "doc7447", "text": "Bankrupt fast-fashion apparel retailer Forever 21 is focusing on e-commerce for its international offering."}
{"id": "doc7448", "text": "Forever 21, which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September 2019, is launching a renewed, localized online store for consumers in Canada, Asia, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. This offering enables shoppers in target markets to purchase in their local currency with guaranteed duties and taxes calculation, a prepayment option, and competitive shipping rates with free shipping over a specified threshold."}
{"id": "doc7449", "text": "The retailer is partnering with cross-border e-commerce solutions provider Global-e in this international e-commerce effort. Forever 21 will now be able to provide its customers in Canada and in markets across Asia, Asia-Pacific and Latin America with an enhanced online shopping experience that is adjusted according to the local market’s characteristics and customer preferences. "}
{"id": "doc7450", "text": "Forever 21 will support more than 95 currencies, over 150 local and alternative payment methods, localized checkout in 21 languages, a choice of shipping methods, and what the company says will be a transparent and easy returns process. Leveraging global-e technology, Forever 21 will tailor its offering per market according to its marketing strategy and business goals, including running market-specific promotions."}
{"id": "doc7451", "text": "As previously announced when it initially filed for bankruptcy, Forever 21 will be closing most physical stores in Canada, Asia and Europe, but will continue to ship to international customers through its U.S. website at Forever21.com."}
{"id": "doc7452", "text": "“E-commerce forms a large chunk of the profitable core of our operations and as part of our new global strategy, Forever 21 will leverage Global-e’s technology to offer international customers an outstanding online experience,” said Alex Ok, president at Forever 21. “To engage digitally savvy consumers today, retailers need to invest in creating a unique online experience that speaks directly to the shopper. With the continued increase in demand from international shoppers for our brand, we recognized that an advanced global online shopping experience is a fundamental part of our future growth.”"}
{"id": "doc7453", "text": "It’s a new day, hopefully, for Forever 21. "}
{"id": "doc7454", "text": "The sale of the bankrupt fast-fashion retailer to brand management and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group, Simon Property Group and Brookfield Property Partners for $81.1 million has been finalized. Under the terms of the deal, ABG and Simon will each own 37.5% and Brookfield will own 25% of Forever 21’s intellectual property and operating businesses.  (The real purchase price of the deal is arguably much higher — around $300 million — when factoring in the liabilities that the buyers had agreed to assume, reported WWD.)"}
{"id": "doc7455", "text": "The new owners will maintain Forever 21’s headquarters in Los Angeles, as well as its e-commerce business. According to a report by Bloomberg, the owners also plan to keep most of the chain’s 448 U.S. stores open under the leadership of a new CEO that will be announced when the company emerges from Chapter 11."}
{"id": "doc7456", "text": "Forever 21 will convert its current, owned-store operations in Central America, South America, Mexico, the Philippines, and the Caribbean to a licensed partnership model. The new owners also plan to work with existing and new partners to expand Forever 21 across key territories, including South America, Western and Eastern Europe, China, Southeast Asia, Middle East, and India."}
{"id": "doc7457", "text": "“Forever 21 is a powerful retail brand with incredible consumer reach and a wealth of untapped potential,” said Jamie Salter, founder, chairman, and CEO of ABG. “We’re looking forward to working with the F21 team and our global partners. Together, we’ll revitalize the brand’s core business and connect with audiences around the world through new product offerings and experiences.”"}
{"id": "doc7458", "text": "ABG, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, said it will leverage its marketing expertise and global network of partners to inject new life into Forever 21, with an emphasis on trend-conscious design, speed to market, and moving towards a more sustainable supply chain. The strategy will focus on engaging Gen Z audiences by introducing refreshed creative, targeted digital campaigns, and influential collaborations. ABC manages a large portfolio of apparel and fashion brands, ranging from Juicy Couture and Vince Camuto to Jones New York and Nautica."}
{"id": "doc7459", "text": "Forever 21, the retailer that popularized fast-fashion in the U.S., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with a plan to close most of its global locations. "}
{"id": "doc7460", "text": "The filing by the privately held, family-run chain, which operates 815 stores worldwide, was not unexpected as it comes after weeks of speculation. The formerly high-flying Forever 21 has struggled in recent years, challenged by over-expansion, increased competition from discounters such as Target and the rise of online subscription services and rental retail. Online resale (secondhand) sites have also grown in popularity. "}
{"id": "doc7461", "text": "Forever 21 said it has obtained $275 million in financing from its existing lenders with JPMorgan Chase and $75 million in new capital from TPG Sixth Street Partners, as well as affiliated funds, to help it support its operations in bankruptcy. As part of its restructuring strategy, the company plans to exit most of its international locations in Asia and Europe as well as in Canada. It has requested approval to shutter up to 178 U.S. stores and up to 350 in total, the New York Times reported. (The retailer will continue operations in Mexico and Latin America.)"}
{"id": "doc7462", "text": "“This was an important and necessary step to secure the future of our company, which will enable us to reorganize our business and reposition Forever 21,” said Linda Chang, executive VP of Forever 21, which is based in Los Angeles."}
{"id": "doc7463", "text": "In a letter to customers, the retailer stated that the decisions as to which domestic [U.S.] stores will be closing are ongoing, pending the outcome of continued conversations with landlords."}
{"id": "doc7464", "text": "We do however expect a significant number of these stores will remain open and operate as usual, and we do not expect to exit any major markets in the U.S., stated Forever 21."}
{"id": "doc7465", "text": "The company announced it intends to operate in a business as usual manner, honoring all company policies, including gift cards, returns, exchanges, reimbursement and sale purchases. Forever 21 said it will the bankruptcy “to right size its store base and return to basics that allowed the company to thrive and grow into the fast fashion leader.”"}
{"id": "doc7466", "text": "“The financing provided by JPMorgan and TPG Sixth Street Partners will arm Forever 21 with the capital necessary to effect critical changes in the U.S. and abroad to revitalize our brand and fuel our growth, allowing us to meet our ongoing obligations to customers, vendors and employees,” Chang said. “With support from our key landlord and vendor constituents, we are confident we will emerge as a stronger, more competitive enterprise that is better positioned to prosper for years to come, and we remain committed to delivering the fast fashion trends that our customers have come to expect from Forever 21.”"}
{"id": "doc7467", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. beat the Street for the fourth quarter as it closed the book on a disappointing year that did not meet its expectations. "}
{"id": "doc7468", "text": "Kohl’s net income totaled $265 million, or $1.72 per share, for the quarter ended Feb. 1, down from $272 million, or $1.67 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted EPS was $1.99 per share, topping analysts’ estimates for $1.88. "}
{"id": "doc7469", "text": "Total revenue inched up to $6.83 billion from $6.82 billion. Analysts had expected $6.52 billion. Same-store sales were flat. "}
{"id": "doc7470", "text": "On an earnings conference call with analysts, CEO Michelle Gass said that Kohls  womens apparel was challenged throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc7471", "text": "We recognize that we need a much more significant reinvention in women to improve the trajectory moving forward, she told analysts."}
{"id": "doc7472", "text": "Gass said that Kohls is making bold moves to improve the business, including a decision to exit eight of its womens brands during the coming year.  She did not name the brands, but said the company will provide more details at its upcoming meeting with investors."}
{"id": "doc7473", "text": "For the full year, Kohl’s reported sales of $19.9 billion, down from $20.2 billion in the previous year. Same-store sales fell 1.3%. Income totaled $769 million, down from $927 million a year earlier. "}
{"id": "doc7474", "text": "Kohls raised its dividend 5% to $0.704 per share payable April 1, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc7475", "text": "While 2019 was a year in which our financial results did not meet our expectations, it was also a year of innovation and investment that further strengthened Kohl’s differentiation in the market,” said Michelle Gass, CEO, Kohl’s. “We are encouraged by the acceleration of traffic and new customer acquisition in our stores and online driven by the unprecedented level of new brands and partnerships we launched during the year. I am confident that we will build on our strengths in 2020 to stabilize and position the business for future growth.”"}
{"id": "doc7476", "text": "In February, Kohl’s announced a corporate restructuring that included the elimination of some 250 positions. "}
{"id": "doc7477", "text": "For 2020, the retailer expects earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.60, and same-store sales from down 1% to up 1%. The Street forecast earnings per share of $4.58 and a comparable sales decline of 1.3%."}
{"id": "doc7478", "text": "Kohl’s Corp. cut its full-year guidance for the second time this year after falling short of sales and profit estimates."}
{"id": "doc7479", "text": "Net income fell to $123 million, or 78 cents per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 2, compared with $161 million, or 98 cents a share, a year ago. Excluding one-time items, Kohl’s earned 74 cents per share, missing analysts’ expectations for 86 cents."}
{"id": "doc7480", "text": "Net sales fell to $4.36 billion from $4.37 billion a year ago, missing expectations for $4.4 billion. Same-store sales rose 0.4%, also missing expectations. "}
{"id": "doc7481", "text": "In a statement, CEO Michelle Gass put a positive spin on the quarter, focusing on the chain’s return to same-store sales growth for the first time this year. "}
{"id": "doc7482", "text": "“The quarter started off positive in August with another successful back-to-school season and ended strong in October,” she added. “We enter the holiday period with momentum and are strategically increasing our investments. We believe that investing in the short-term will support our strategies to drive profitable growth over the long-term."}
{"id": "doc7483", "text": "Kohl’s has launched a number of initiatives to boost traffic, from new private brands (the most recent being a home goods line designed by HGTV’s ‘Property Brothers’ stars Drew and Jonathan Scott) to the rollout of Amazon return counters across all its stores. It also is testing in-store pop-ups, Curated by Kohl’s, feature emerging brands in about 50 locations.  "}
{"id": "doc7484", "text": "On the chains quarterly earnings call, Gass said the Amazon program was attracting new shoppers that are “younger than the typical Kohl’s customer.”  She remained upbeat about the upcoming holiday season."}
{"id": "doc7485", "text": "“We will have Amazon Returns in stores nationwide this holiday for the first time, which will drive additional traffic into our stores, she added. Second, we have more new brand launches than ever before. "}
{"id": "doc7486", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders said the fact that Kohl’s, unlike, some other retailers in its segment, has not been afraid to experiment and to commit to things that help make it relevant and meaningful to consumers.  This puts the company in a good position, even if it is in a difficult part of the retail market."}
{"id": "doc7487", "text": "“Taken alone, none of these things will push Kohl’s sales numbers into the stratosphere but taken together they put some wind beneath the company’s wings,” added Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. “Moreover, they show that management has a clear vision of the future and what Kohl’s needs to do in order to be successful. (For more commentary, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc7488", "text": "For the year, Kohls expects adjusted earnings per share of $4.75 to $4.95, down from previous guidance of $5.15 to $5.45. "}
{"id": "doc7489", "text": "Kohl’s has opened a pop-up for New Yorkers."}
{"id": "doc7490", "text": "The department store retailer will host will host a holiday pop-up in downtown Manhattan New York City from Thursday, Nov. 7 through Sunday, Nov. 10. Folks outside the area can visit the event virtually through the use of a Snapchat portal lens that will replicate the event space in 3D and allow users to shop featured product In addition, visitors can strike a pose with a Vera Wang avatar at the event through a marker lens in the Simply Vera Vera Wang shop."}
{"id": "doc7491", "text": "The pop-up comes as Kohl’s is launching its holiday marketing campaign, “New Gifts at Every Turn,” with  five days of thematic daily deals from Thursday, Nov. 7 through Monday, Nov. 12. The retailer will reveal nearly 20 days of thematic daily deals between November and December.  Daily Deal Reveal will kick off with five days of deals beginning Thursday, Nov. 7."}
{"id": "doc7492", "text": "In addition, Kohl’s will promote early online and in-store Black Friday deals beginning Monday, Nov. 25. From Nov. 25-27, the retailer will offer a select number of limited-time, limited-quantity, online-only Black Friday flash deals. There will also be thousands of Black Friday deals online from Nov. 25-27 and in stores beginning Thursday, Nov. 28 (Thanksgiving Day). "}
{"id": "doc7493", "text": "Kohl’s will offer Black Friday doorbusters starting at 12:01 a.m. CT online and 5 p.m. local time when stores open on Thanksgiving Day. Doorbusters will end 1 p.m. local time in store and online on Friday, Nov. 29, while supplies last. Customers will receive $15 Kohl’s Cash cash-back rewards for every $50 spent in stores and online the entire week."}
{"id": "doc7494", "text": "New this year, Kohl’s will kick off Cyber Week on Saturday, Nov. 30, with a surprise Kohl’s Cash event that rewards all customers who make a purchase in-store with Kohl’s Cash valued at $5, $10 or $15 earned with every transaction in store, no minimum purchase. One per customer. There will be new deals daily throughout Cyber Week."}
{"id": "doc7495", "text": " In addition to the pop-up, Kohl’s is debuting several other seasonal social experiences. On Twitter, customers can engage in social conversation with Kohl’s to have a chance to receive on-demand, same-day product delivery featuring Kohl’s top brands and gifts during key holiday moments. "}
{"id": "doc7496", "text": "In addition, Kohl’s will leverage Pinterest to connect in-store shoppers with additional gifting ideas through the use of Pinterest pincodes. Kohl’s customers can open their Pinterest app, scan a pincode using the app’s camera feature on Kohl’s “Jammies for Your Families” hangtags and in-store signage, and be taken to a Kohls Pinterest board."}
{"id": "doc7497", "text": "“I am confident in the plans we have for the entire holiday season and excited for our customers to experience all of the newness we have to offer them,” said Michelle Gass, Kohl’s CEO. “We have an incredible lineup of new brands and great gifts, we will deliver significant value with Kohl’s Cash, and we’ve continued to invest in the omnichannel experience for greater convenience and ease for our customers this holiday season.”"}
{"id": "doc7498", "text": "Kohl’s has produced a mixed bag of numbers. The positive news is that after declining for a couple of quarters, comparable sales have returned to positive territory. Admittedly the uplift of 0.4% is anemic, but growth is growth and Kohl’s has delivered it off the back of a solid prior year comparative. The negative news comes from the bottom line where operating income is down by almost 21% and net income by just over 23%. There is no doubt that Kohl’s delivered its results against a more challenging backdrop. Across the retail economy, the third quarter was reasonable. However, apparel was a very weak category with consumer demand down and retailers pushing up discounting to try and stimulate sales. Like others, Kohl’s felt the cold wind of this and struggled to generate growth. It also had to respond to increased promotional activity in the market which helped to erode margins and profits. Ultimately, the outcome could have, and likely would have, been worse if it wasn’t for the various initiatives that Kohl’s has undertaken. These include the Amazon returns program which is helping to drive footfall into stores, investments in omnichannel, and new product and brand development. Taken together, these things have helped to generate momentum – including attracting and converting some younger consumer demographics which Kohl’s has not traditionally served. Most of these strategies are far from mature so we expect the benefits from them to accrue over the remainder of this year and into 2020. The fact that Kohl’s is trying, and continues to try, new ideas is one of the things we like about the company. Unlike some other retailers in its segment, it has not been afraid to experiment, nor has it been unwilling to commit to things that help make it relevant and meaningful to consumers. This puts the company in a good position, even if it is in a difficult part of the market. Looking ahead we believe that further initiatives, like Curated by Kohl’s assortments – which create newness and interest in stores and online – the enhancement of the loyalty program, the refresh of the website, and the continued introduction of new brands and assortments will all help to lift results. Taken alone, none of these things will push Kohl’s sales numbers into the stratosphere but taken together they put some wind beneath the company’s wings. Moreover, they show that management has a clear vision of the future and what Kohl’s needs to do in order to be successful. Despite the hard work, it will not be plain sailing in 2020. Many of the steps Kohl’s is undertaking come with costs attached and these, at least in the short term, will weigh on the bottom line. The drive to develop multichannel, for example, has boosted sales but it has eroded margins as the cost to serve customers has risen. Ultimately, we believe this squeezing of the bottom line is the price Kohl’s must pay to keep itself relevant; as such it is a prudent investment. In any case, over time the initiatives will swig into profit. The other forward concern is the consumer economy. This remains solid but we expect conditions to deteriorate as we move into 2020. This does not necessarily mean a recession, but it likely means consumers will be more careful and discerning in their purchases. Generally, Kohl’s shoppers are a bit more exposed to economic swings than average and this means the company will need to double down on attracting them and persuading them to spend. Fortunately, next year comparatives become much easier to beat which will help provide buoyancy to growth even in a more difficult environment."}
{"id": "doc7499", "text": "Stage Stores has brought in experts to help it rework its debt."}
{"id": "doc7500", "text": "The company is working with Peter J Solomon to explore a refinancing of its bank debt, according to an emailed report from Debtwire. Kirkland & Ellis is acting as legal counsel."}
{"id": "doc7501", "text": "Stage Stores is in the middle of a major transformation. In September, the retailer, whose brands include Bealls, Goodys, Palais Royal, Stage and Peebles, announced plans to convert its entire store fleet to its off-price Gordmans banner, with a goal of reaching approximately 700 total off-price stores by mid-2020. As part of the overhaul, the company said it expected to close 40 locations during fiscal 2020. (Stage Stores entered the off-price channel in 2017 with its acquisition of Gordmans.) But amidst the revamp, the retailer recently guided for earnings to come at the low-end of fiscal year 2019 guidance. The revision punctuated a challenging holiday period for the retailer in which its 1.4% comp store increase missed expectations, setting off liquidity concerns, said two sources involved in the company’s supply chain, according to Debtwire."}
{"id": "doc7502", "text": "Stage Stores lists $365 million of debt, split between a $47.5 million term loan and USD $317 million of borrowings under its revolver. Liquidity-wise, the company has $447.5 million of availability, with the credit facility set to mature in December 2021, SEC documents show, Debtwire reported."}
{"id": "doc7503", "text": "An e-tail titan is bringing a lot of jobs to Bellevue, Wash."}
{"id": "doc7504", "text": "Amazon says it is on track to hire more than 15,000 employees in Bellevue, located about 10 miles from the e-tailer’s headquarters city of Seattle, in the next few years. The company opened its first office building there in 2017 and currently has more than 2,000 employees in the city."}
{"id": "doc7505", "text": "According to a corporate blog post announcing the planned growth in Bellevue, Amazon has designed its Bellevue offices with the goals of easy access to public transportation, fostering a sustainable lifestyle, and placemaking. This includes situating buildings will be no further than 0.5 miles from the new light rail station in downtown Bellevue and within 10 minutes walking distance of each other. All employees will receive free public transit passes and be eligible for company-subsidized ride share carpool options."}
{"id": "doc7506", "text": "Amazon is also planning for all buildings to be sustainable and have a minimal carbon footprint, seeking LEED Gold certification or better for its own developments like the Bellevue 600 office tower, expected to be completed in 2024. The 43-story skyscraper, which will be Amazon’s tallest office building, should have enough space for about 4,200 employees. It is located on the east half of a property Amazon purchased in April 2019 for $195 million."}
{"id": "doc7507", "text": "In addition, Amazon plans to build a “significant” common space along NE 6th Street in Bellevue to create a pedestrian connection and a new green area for residents, commuters, and downtown workers. The ground level will have thousands of square feet reserved for local retail and other uses, including a day care center to support Bellevue families. The development also includes a new meeting center to host company and community events."}
{"id": "doc7508", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair took the wraps off a dramatic, 500,000-ft.-ft. expansion that includes several unique offerings. It’s part of the $1.1 billion transformation of Valley Fair, which now encompasses 2.2 million sq. ft. of retail space. Prior to the expansion, in fall 2018, Valley Fair unveiled a full makeover of its existing indoor spaces with a style aligned with the mid-century modern inspiration of the new development."}
{"id": "doc7509", "text": "The expansion includes new public areas and plazas, a new three-level Bloomingdale’s and the addition of such new retailers as Gorjana, Orange Theory, UNTUCKit, Indochino, Rodd & Gunn, John Varvatos, Anthropologie, Fabletics, Urban Outfitters, Longchamp and Cole Haan. More stores and restaurants will open in the coming months. In addition, the expansion includes a “digital district” that features an exclusive collection of storefronts dedicated to digitally native vertical brands. Among the companies making their brick-and-mortar debut at Valley Fair are retail start-ups Felix Gray, Ghost Democracy, Goodies, Lett and We The People. "}
{"id": "doc7510", "text": "In total, with a balanced curation of offerings including chef-driven restaurants and new food concepts, events and entertainment offerings, multi-faceted social activities and outdoor spaces, fashion and technology boutiques, and health and wellness amenities. "}
{"id": "doc7511", "text": "“With its enviable Silicon Valley location and the West Coast’s most diverse and dynamic retail mix, we envisioned Westfield Valley Fair as a place where prestigious luxury brands, digitally native start-up retailers, and best-in-class dining and entertainment all come together to create a true lifestyle destination and the perfect place to shop, dine and play,” said Larry Green, executive VP of development for Valley Fair owner Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW). “We are also excited to celebrate our partnership with the San José Museum of Art and begin to unveil our plans to ensure that the center exists as a community hub, bringing unique and inspiring art and cultural experiences to our guests.”"}
{"id": "doc7512", "text": "Westfield Valley Fair’s partnership with the San José Museum of Art (SJMA), a “borderless” museum essential to creative life in Silicon Valley, will bring curated and commissioned artwork onto the property. The partnership starts with a monumental outdoor sculpture at the center’s new grand entrance on Stevens Creek Boulevard to be unveiled this fall. The center will then, over time, host artwork from both local and international artists allowing shoppers and visitors to engage and experience art as part of shareable and interactive moments with family and friends.  "}
{"id": "doc7513", "text": "Other highlights of new stores and restaurants coming to the center throughout this year and into 2021 include:"}
{"id": "doc7514", "text": "•    The first Eataly in the Bay Area, as well as a flagship Apple and a new Gucci store;"}
{"id": "doc7515", "text": "•    Innovative store concepts never before seen in the U.S., with a prototype design Bvlgari boutique and Cole Haan Grandshop, both opening in March; along with the unique South Korean eyewear brand Gentle Monster and the luxe lingerie line from China called Neiwai Premium;"}
{"id": "doc7516", "text": "•    More than 25 new dining choices including the award-winning Mastro’s steakhouse, the first formal full-service Bamboo Sushi restaurant in Northern California, along with iChina, King’s Fish House, Salt & Straw, Shake Shack, and more;"}
{"id": "doc7517", "text": "•    Additional eateries in the center’s Asian Food Collection, which recently welcomed Pokeatery and SomiSomi, include Onigilly, Rooster & Rice, The Miss Noodle Shop, Uncle Tetsu and Vietnoms; and"}
{"id": "doc7518", "text": "•    Entertainment offerings such as the recently opened ShowPlace ICON Theatres and the soon-to-open PLAYlive Nation social gaming lounge."}
{"id": "doc7519", "text": "Developed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the expanded Westfield Valley Fair will welcome many additional retailer and restaurant openings into 2021."}
{"id": "doc7520", "text": "CVS Health Corp. reported third-quarter revenue and earnings that beat expectations, boosted by its acquisition of insurance giant Aetna. "}
{"id": "doc7521", "text": "The drug store and health services company disclosed in a regulatory filing it will close 22 “underperforming” drug stores early next year. The shutterings are in addition to the 46 stores CVS closed earlier this year."}
{"id": "doc7522", "text": "“We believe these decisions will generate enhanced longer-term performance,” CFO Eva Boratto told analysts Wednesday on CVS’ quarterly call. “Our real estate footprint remained very productive, and we will look for opportunities to further improve the performance in our portfolio.”"}
{"id": "doc7523", "text": "CVS’ net income rose 10% to $1.53 billion, or $1.17 a share, in the quarter ended Sept. 30, from $1.39 billion, or $1.36 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share $1.84, easily topping analysts’ estimates of $1.77. "}
{"id": "doc7524", "text": "Total revenue grew to $64.81 billion from $47.49 billion, beating estimates $62.99 billion. Revenues in the retail segment increased 2.9%, driven by increased prescription volume and brand name drug price inflation. Same-store sales rose 3.6% "}
{"id": "doc7525", "text": "“Our third-quarter results build on the positive momentum we have seen across the company since the beginning of the year,” said CEO Larry Merlo. “All of our core businesses performed in line with or above expectations, reflecting strong operational execution. As a result, we delivered strong growth and generated robust operating cash flow, which enabled us to continue to deliver while returning capital to our shareholders.”"}
{"id": "doc7526", "text": "The company raised its adjusted EPS guidance range to $6.97 to $7.05 from $6.89 to $7.00."}
{"id": "doc7527", "text": "CVS Health’s board of directors is about to have three fewer members. The company announced Monday that its board will be reduced from 16 to 13 members, with Richard Dick Swift, Richard Bracken and Mark Bertolini will not stand for reelection at the companys 2020 annual meeting."}
{"id": "doc7528", "text": "Swift, the former chairman of the board, president and CEO of Foster Wheeler, will be retiring from the board after having reached the mandatory retirement age. He has served as a director of CVS Health since September 2006."}
{"id": "doc7529", "text": "Bracken, the former chairman and CEO of HCA and HCA Holdings, will be leaving the board and retiring from board service after a 45-year career in health care to spend more time on personal interests. He has served as a director since January 2015."}
{"id": "doc7530", "text": "Bertolini, the former chairman and CEO of Aetna, became a director in November 2018 when CVS Healths acquisition of Aetna closed. Following the successful integration of the Aetna business, Bertolini will not continue as a member of the board after the annual meeting."}
{"id": "doc7531", "text": "We want to thank each of these highly accomplished individuals for their service to the company and wish them all the best in the future, said David Dorman, board chair. We particularly want to thank Dick and Richard for the tremendous leadership and expertise each brought to the board during their many years of service, including Dicks role as chair of the audit committee and Richards role as chair of the medical affairs committee. The Board would also like to thank Mark for his contribution to the successful integration of Aetna."}
{"id": "doc7532", "text": "Dorman continued, CVS Health is successfully executing against its strategy of becoming the worlds most consumer-centric health care company. As the organization continues to evolve, the remaining directors of the Board and I have the utmost confidence in the strength of the current management team, the progress the company has shown to date and ability of CVS Health to deliver value to all stakeholders moving forward."}
{"id": "doc7533", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliance saw its shares pop on Tuesday after reports that it is exploring going private. "}
{"id": "doc7534", "text": "The drug-store giant has held preliminary discussions with some of the world’s largest private equity firms about putting together what would be the biggest ever leveraged buyout, Reuters reported. Walgreens, which has a market value of more than $55 billion, operates Walgreens in the U.S. and Boots pharmacies in the U.K. and Europe."}
{"id": "doc7535", "text": "The report comes amid increased competition in the drug store and consumer health care space. Walgreens’ rival CVS Health, which last year bought Aetna, the nation’s third largest health insurance company, is rolling out new formats with a health-and-wellness focus. In September, Walmart opened its first freestanding facility dedicated to health care. "}
{"id": "doc7536", "text": "Walgreens has selected investment bank Evercore Partners Inc. to explore whether a deal can be put together, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc7537", "text": "To read the full Reuters story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc7538", "text": "Topgolf Entertainment Group has opened a new, smaller format combining an upscale restaurant and bar with virtual gaming experiences."}
{"id": "doc7539", "text": "The fast-growing sports and entertainment company debuted the concept, called Lounge by Topgolf, at Kirkland Urban, a new 1.2 million sq.-ft. mixed-use residential and retail development in downtown Kirkland, Wash. The venue houses a 9,200-sq.-ft. restaurant, bar and indoor lounge with an expansive outdoor patio offering panoramic views of Kirkland. It also includes four entertainment bays and a VIP bay—all powered by Topgolf’s proprietary Swing Suite  golf simulator technology—as well as a private event space and an  innovative “digital sky.”"}
{"id": "doc7540", "text": "The space features digital screens and a varied assortment of digital multi-sport games and experiences that can be played by anyone, regardless of skill level. Customers can choose from more than 80 digital championship golf courses using a microchipped golf ball and simulator screen. Other games, including Zombie Dodgeball, hockey, baseball and football challenges and popular carnival games, are also available. "}
{"id": "doc7541", "text": "Leaderboards, a full-venue sound system, and a video ceiling from Digital Sky create prominent audiovisual elements throughout the new space. "}
{"id": "doc7542", "text": "Lounge by Topgolf demonstrates Topgolfs constant pursuit of the unexpected with an all-indoor, virtual experience different from anything else weve created, said Topgolf entertainment group executive chairman Erik Anderson. “We use proprietary Topgolf Swing Suite technology to bring our guests exciting virtual games, all while enjoying locally curated food and beverage selections under a digital sky.”"}
{"id": "doc7543", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7544", "text": "Target Corp. is celebrating a sustainability milestone."}
{"id": "doc7545", "text": "The discount giant has completed its 500th rooftop solar installation, at its store in Napa, Calif.  In 2015, Target committed to adding rooftop solar panels at 500 locations — including stores and distribution centers — by 2020. The company noted that it reached it goal on Nov.18, 2019, ahead of schedule, and that it is now a quarter of the way towards sourcing 100% electricity from renewable sources by 2030, a commitment Target made last summer as part of its ambitious climate goals."}
{"id": "doc7546", "text": "Through its onsite solar commitments, Target has added more than 240 megawatts of solar across its buildings. "}
{"id": "doc7547", "text": "“Meeting energy needs through solar is good for communities and the environment, and it also helps us reduce costs,” said John Leisen, VP of property management, Target. “A rooftop solar project generates enough energy to offset between 15% and 40% of a property’s energy needs. Ambitious energy goals have helped us accelerate our progress and reach major milestones. And we’ll continue to invest in technologies, partners and resources to help us achieve even more.”"}
{"id": "doc7548", "text": "Target has been recognized by the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) as a top U.S. corporate installer for five straight years, taking the number one spot for on-site installations in 2016, 2017 and 2018. During the past five years, Target has installed more solar systems than any other company, according to data from SEIA’s Solar Means Business report. The chain is also a four-time Energy Star Partner of the Year. "}
{"id": "doc7549", "text": "“For years, Target has led the way on corporate solar adoption, helping to create a cultural shift in how top companies power their operations,” said Abigail Ross Hopper, president and CEO of SEIA. “Companies such as Target have the power to make lasting change and we’re thrilled to see Target double down on their commitment to solar energy.”"}
{"id": "doc7550", "text": "Patrick Frisk, who succeeded Kevin Plank as Under Armour CEO on Jan. 1, has made his first executive appointments — including one that is a first for the brand. "}
{"id": "doc7551", "text": "The athletic goods company promoted Colin Browne to COO, the position previously held by Frisk. Browne previously served as the companys chief supply chain officer from 2017 to 2020 with responsibility for all global operations related to product sourcing and logistics after joining in 2016 as president of global sourcing. Prior to that, he was VP and managing director of supply chain at VF Corp."}
{"id": "doc7552", "text": "In addition, the company named Paul Fipps to the newly created position of chief experience officer, responsible for the companys overall consumer experience and digital strategy including its global retail and e-commerce business, Connected Fitness platform, software engineering, customer relationship management, human performance and data science functions. "}
{"id": "doc7553", "text": "Previously, Fipps served as Under Armour’s chief digital officer from 2018 through 2020, and as chief technology officer from 2017 through 2018. Prior to this role, he served as the companys CIO and executive VP of global operations after joining the company in 2014 as senior VP of global operations."}
{"id": "doc7554", "text": "“Pauls appointment as CXO, a newly created position, is an important milestone for Under Armour as it underscores our desire to unify, elevate and truly harness the power and intersection of product, brand and experience,” said Frisk. “As the chief architect for designing a seamless and holistic consumer experience and implementing a consumer-led digital strategy, he will work to ensure that our operational framework is advancing with the preferences of our increasingly sophisticated consumers."}
{"id": "doc7555", "text": "Both appointments are effective Feb. 17, and both report directly to Frisk."}
{"id": "doc7556", "text": "Both Colin and Paul are proven leaders who have played significant roles in Under Armours ongoing strategic and operational transformation, said Frisk. As we continue work to instill greater efficiency and discipline across the brand to enable deeper connections with consumers, these leadership appointments further advance our ability to successfully execute against our long-term strategies."}
{"id": "doc7557", "text": "Under Armour’s better-than-expected third quarter results were overshadowed by news that the company is the subject of a federal probe of its accounting practices. "}
{"id": "doc7558", "text": "The Justice Department is conducting a criminal investigation of the activewear giant’s accounting practices and is coordinating with civil investigators at the SEC, with the news first reported by The Wall Street Journal. Under Armour confirmed the probe and said it is cooperating with both of the investigations and believes its accounting practices and disclosures were appropriate."}
{"id": "doc7559", "text": "Under Armour trimmed its full year revenue outlook amid ongoing challenges in North America. It expects revenue to be up roughly 2% in fiscal 2019, compared to its previous estimate a 3% to 4% gain. Analysts are for annual revenue growth of 3.1%."}
{"id": "doc7560", "text": "For the third quarter, Under Armour’s net income totaled $102.3 million, or 23 cents per share, in the quarter ended Sept. 30, up from $75.3 million, or 17 cents per share, last year. Analysts had expected earnings of 18 cents."}
{"id": "doc7561", "text": "Revenue fell 1.0% to $1.43 billion, topping estimates of $1.41 billion.  Apparel sales were down 1%; footwear revenues fell 12% and accessories sales fell 2%. Sales in North America fell about 4%, to $1.01 billion."}
{"id": "doc7562", "text": "In a surprise announcement, Under Armour in October announced that Kevin Plank, who founded the company in 1996, plans to step down as CEO. He will be replaced by COO Patrik Frist, effective Jan. 1, 2020. The management change comes as the company is working to turn around its sagging performance in North America, where it has come under increased competition from rivals ranging from Nike and Nike to Puma and Lululemon.   "}
{"id": "doc7563", "text": "“Building our long-term brand strength remains at the center of everything we do, said Plank. Our ongoing transformation across the business continues to make us smarter, faster and more operationally excellent. As we make the turn into 2020, we are confident in our ability to deliver our fourth quarter targets while proactively supporting higher levels of strategic marketing investments that will further fuel the Under Armour brand."}
{"id": "doc7564", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7565", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7566", "text": "Under Armour is getting a new chief executive come the new year."}
{"id": "doc7567", "text": "In a surprise announcement, the activewear giant announced that Kevin Plank, who founded the company in 1996 while still in college, will step down as CEO. He will be replaced by COO Patrik Frist, effective Jan. 1, 2020. Frisk, who will also join the board, will report to Plank, who will become executive chairman and brand chief, focused on team culture and “product elevation.”"}
{"id": "doc7568", "text": "Plank has served as chairman and CEO of Under Armour since he founded the company, which he took public in 2005. His decision to step down as CEO comes as the brand is working to revitalize its sagging North America business. In September, Stephanie Pugliese, previously CEO of Duluth Trading Company, was appointed president of Under Armour North American. "}
{"id": "doc7569", "text": "“Patrik is the right person to serve as Under Armours next CEO,” said Plank. “As my partner during the most transformative chapter in our history, he has been exceptional in his ability to translate our brands vision into world-class execution by focusing on our long-term strategy and re-engineering our ecosystem through a strategic, operational and cultural transformation. As I envision our future – I look forward to further partnering with Patrik to continue our pursuit of becoming the best athletic brand in the world. I am confident that we are just getting started."}
{"id": "doc7570", "text": "Frisk joined Under Armour in 2017. Prior to that, he was CEO of global footwear and accessories company The Aldo Group. Previous to that, he spent more than a decade with VF Corp. where he held numerous leadership positions, including coalition president of Outdoor Americas (The North Face and Timberland), president of Timberland, president of outdoor & action sports (EMEA), and VP and general manager of The North Face."}
{"id": "doc7571", "text": "I joined Under Armour to be part of an iconic brand that demonstrated the power of sport and premium experience, when properly harnessed, is capable of unlimited possibilities,” said Frisk. “Today, I am even more resolute in this conviction. “The opportunity that lies ahead of us is incredible.”"}
{"id": "doc7572", "text": "Marathon Petroleum Corp. is spinning off its Speedway retail network into an independent, publicly-traded company. "}
{"id": "doc7573", "text": "The move follows a review from Marathon’s board of directors and engagement with financial and other advisors. The company also gathered shareholder feedback."}
{"id": "doc7574", "text": "As a result of that review, today we announced our most recent step to create shareholder value and that is our intent to separate Speedway into an independent company, said Marathon CEO and chairman Gary Heminger. The board and our management is fully committed to pursuing the path that maximizes shareholder value, and we believe this separation will create two strong, industry-leading companies well positioned for long-term growth and success."}
{"id": "doc7575", "text": "Under the plan, the new Speedway will consist of Marathon’s  3,900 company-owned and company-operated convenience stores. Upon completion of the spin-off, expected  to be completed by the end of 2020, Speedway will be the largest U.S.-listed convenience store operator boasting a coast-to-coast retail network and a nationally recognized brand, Heminger said during the companys third-quarter earnings call on Oct. 31."}
{"id": "doc7576", "text": "We believe this business has strong growth potential, fueled by a strong, loyal customer base, Heminger explained."}
{"id": "doc7577", "text": "It’s only January but spring is in the air at Lowe’s Companies."}
{"id": "doc7578", "text": "The home improvement retailer on Thursday announced plans to hire more than 53,000 full-time, part-time and seasonal associates across its more than 1,700 U.S. stores this spring. Lowes will roll out hiring events in all store locations during the next three months by region to meet the seasonal spring hiring needs across the country.  "}
{"id": "doc7579", "text": "Lowes stores in Florida, Southern California and Hawaii, as well as parts of Arizona, Utah, Nevada, Texas, Alabama and Georgia, where spring weather typically arrives earliest, will host the first walk-in hiring events from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Wednesday, Jan. 8."}
{"id": "doc7580", "text": "Candidates may receive on-the-spot offers during this open interview process."}
{"id": "doc7581", "text": "Survey Sponsored By:"}
{"id": "doc7582", "text": "Lowes will host additional hiring events at stores in the remaining U.S. regions on Jan. 15, Feb. 5, Feb. 19 and March 4. The retailer noted that in 2019, approximately 50% of seasonal hires were converted to permanent associates, and that nearly 200 current store managers started as seasonal associates. "}
{"id": "doc7583", "text": "“Spring is the busiest season for home improvement projects and a great time to launch a new career at Lowes, said Jennifer Weber, Lowes executive VP, human resources. As part of our strategy to better serve customers and operate our stores more efficiently, these hiring events will help us build the right teams at the right times across the U.S. to meet customer demand as they plan for spring."}
{"id": "doc7584", "text": "Available in-store seasonal positions at Lowe’s include cashiers, lawn and garden associates, stockers and loaders. Full-time and part-time year-round positions are also available and include department supervisors, cashiers, stockers, sales specialists, pro customer service associates, and merchandise service associates."}
{"id": "doc7585", "text": "Full-time and part-time associates can take advantage of Lowes comprehensive health and wellness benefits, incentive programs, 401(k), a discounted stock purchase plan, tuition reimbursement and paid volunteer time. Lowes also offers “Track to the Trades,” a company-funded certification program to help part-time and full-time associates pursue careers in the skilled trades, such as plumbing, electrical or HVAC."}
{"id": "doc7586", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond is reducing the size of its corporate workforce as it continue efforts to turnaround its ailing business."}
{"id": "doc7587", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced a restructuring plan that includes a reorganization and simplification of its field operations, significant reduction in management positions across the business and outsourcing of several functions to allow the company “to focus on core competencies.” About 500 positions are being eliminated as part of the plan. "}
{"id": "doc7588", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it expects to reduce expenses by roughly $85 million annually as a result of the plan. It said it plans to trim several hundred million dollars in costs over the longer term."}
{"id": "doc7589", "text": "The plan is the latest move announced by CEO Mark Tritton, formerly chief merchandising officer at Target, who took the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November and is working to turnaround the ailing business. In December, the company announced a management shakeup that saw six senior executives leave the company. Recently, it announced plans to invest up to $400 million on store remodels, IT and supply chain improvements. "}
{"id": "doc7590", "text": "“We are announcing extensive changes today to right-size our organization as part of our efforts to reconstruct a modern, durable business model,” said Tritton. “We do not take this action lightly but, while difficult, these measured and purposeful steps are necessary. This will reset our cost structure, allowing us to re-invest where it matters most to our customers, to re-establish our authority in the Home space."}
{"id": "doc7591", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said expects to incur net pretax charges of about $26 million, mainly for paying out severance and related costs, which will be expensed in its fiscal fourth quarter."}
{"id": "doc7592", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said it will reveal its strategic plan in early 2020 as it swung to a third-quarter loss with sales and earnings that missed Street expectations."}
{"id": "doc7593", "text": "The embattled retailer also said it would delay closing 20 of its namesake stores until after the first half of fiscal 2020 in order to sell more of their merchandise. As previously reported https://chainstoreage.com/bed-bath-beyond-ramps-store-closures-swings-q2-loss, Bed Bath & Beyond planned to close 60 locations, including 40 namesake stores, in fiscal 2019. "}
{"id": "doc7594", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond expects sales and profitability to remain under pressure during the fourth quarter. The company said it was withdrawing its full-year forecast because of “headwinds” and because of ongoing work by new CEO Mark Tritton to assess the business and finalize the details of the companys go-forward strategic plan."}
{"id": "doc7595", "text": "Tritton, who left Target Corp. to take the reins of Bed Bath & Beyond in November, has wasted no time in making changes. In December, the company announced the departure of six members of its leadership team https://chainstoreage.com/big-leadership-shakeup-bed-bath-beyond, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. "}
{"id": "doc7596", "text": "In a statement, Tritton called the company’s third quarter performance “unsatisfactory and underscores the imperative for change and strengthens our sense of priorities and purpose.”"}
{"id": "doc7597", "text": "“We will be finalizing the details of our strategic plan over the next few months and appreciate your patience as we embark and pursue this journey to position Bed Bath & Beyond to deliver long-term, sustainable growth,” he stated. "}
{"id": "doc7598", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond reported a net loss of $38.6 million, or a loss of $0.31 per share, for the quarter ended Nov. 30, down from net earnings of $24.4 million, or $0.18 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding items, Bed Bath & Beyond lost $0.38 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.02 per share."}
{"id": "doc7599", "text": "Net sales fell 9% to $2.8 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $2.85 billion. Same-store sales declined 8.3%. The retailer said its sales performance was significantly impacted by the late Thanksgiving, which resulted in one less week of holiday sales compared to the prior-year period. Adjusting for the 2019 calendar shift, same-store sales declined 3.6% during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc7600", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, the company had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc7601", "text": "The new CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond is cleaning house just six weeks into the job — and in the middle of the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc7602", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer announced the departure of six senior members, including its chief merchandising officer, chief marketing officer and chief digital officer. Also leaving are the chain’s chief legal officer & general counsel, and chief administrative officer."}
{"id": "doc7603", "text": "The sixth member, the chief brand officer, resigned last week. Bed Bath & Beyond said it has begun a search to fill the positions of chief merchandising officer, chief digital officer, general counsel and a newly combined chief marketing and brand officer position."}
{"id": "doc7604", "text": "The leadership shake-up is the first major move by Mark Tritton, the former chief merchandising officer of Target who took the reins at Bed Bath & Beyond in November. In a statement, the company described the move as a “ bold pivot” that reflects the priorities of Tritton, who will launch his new vision for the company in early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc7605", "text": "“This is the first in a number of important steps were taking,” Tritton stated. “Balancing our existing expertise with fresh perspectives from new, innovative leaders of change, will help us to better anticipate and support our customers in their life journeys and shopping needs."}
{"id": "doc7606", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has struggled to compete in the disrupted retail marketplace, challenged by traditional retailers such as Target and Walmart and online players such as Amazon. Same-store sales have been declining for three years and  its sales growth has fallen for three consecutive quarters. Net income has dropped for 10 straight quarters."}
{"id": "doc7607", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that its new leadership team will be charged with “streamlining decision-making, accelerating the pace of transformation, and re-establishing Bed Bath & Beyonds authority in the home space through a more customer-focused, omnichannel retail operation, a redefined product assortment, and a more convenient and inspirational shopping experience.”  "}
{"id": "doc7608", "text": "Industry analysts have predicted that Tritton will likely focus on expanding Bed Bath & Beyond’s fledgling private labels and exclusive lines and upgrading its online and in-store experience.  "}
{"id": "doc7609", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond has ended its search for a new chief executive officer, appointing a 30-year, well-respected retail veteran to the position."}
{"id": "doc7610", "text": "The struggling home goods retailer named Mark J. Tritton as president and CEO and as a member of its board, effective November 4, 2019. He succeeds interim CEO Mary A. Winston."}
{"id": "doc7611", "text": "Tritton joins Bed Bath & Beyond from Target Corp., where he served as executive VP and chief merchandising officer. Tritton was instrumental in building Target’s private-label strategy, reviving the company’s existing brands and launching more than 30 new brands in two and a half years. The discounter achieved eight consecutive quarters of same-store sales grown during his tenure, Bed Bath & Beyond noted. "}
{"id": "doc7612", "text": "“Mark’s ability to re-define the retail experience and drive growth at some of the world’s most successful retailers and brands makes him uniquely equipped to lead Bed Bath & Beyond during this critical time in our evolution,” said Patrick R. Gaston, chairman, Bed Bath & Beyond. “As an integral contributor to Target’s impressive transformation, we will benefit from his vision, leadership, and creativity to successfully transform our business.” "}
{"id": "doc7613", "text": "Before joining Target in 2016, Tritton was executive VP and president of Nordstrom Product Group, where he oversaw the merchandising, design, manufacturing, marketing and the omnichannel distribution of more than 50 private-label brands across Nordstrom’s full-price and off-price retail portfolio. "}
{"id": "doc7614", "text": "Prior to Nordstrom, Tritton was VP of global casual gear footwear and apparel at Timberland and has held several leadership positions at Nike Corporation, where he helped build both brands and expand them across global regions and channels in product and retail functions."}
{"id": "doc7615", "text": "Tritton joins Bed Bath & Beyond about a week after the retailer reported that it plans to close 60 stores by the end of this year, more than the 40 locations it had previously announced. The chain also reported mixed second-quarter results, including its 10th consecutive quarter of same-store sales declines."}
{"id": "doc7616", "text": "In recent months, the retailer has rolled out a number of initiatives to turn around and transform its ailing business, including a program to refresh 160 Bed Bath & Beyond stores and remove excess aged inventory from its stores in advance of the holiday season. The inventory reduction is part of an aggressive reduction of up to $1 billion in inventory during the next 18 months."}
{"id": "doc7617", "text": "Bed Bath & Beyond said that Tritton’s immediate focus will be on accelerating the company’s ongoing business transformation, which includes “improving the omnichannel experience for consumers, enhancing the merchandise assortment and reviewing the company’s cost structure and asset base.”"}
{"id": "doc7618", "text": "“There is immense opportunity ahead for Bed Bath & Beyond, which remains one of the most recognizable and best loved retailers in the country today,” said Tritton. “The foundation of the company’s transformation has been set and I’m excited at the chance to apply my industry experience and expertise to build an even better business for customers, associates, and shareholders.”"}
{"id": "doc7619", "text": "Earlier this year, a group activist investors published a 168-slide presentation calling for big changes at the chain, including a leadership overhaul that called for replacing longtime CEO Steven Temares and the board of directors. Five directors stepped down in April. In May, Temares stepped down, replaced on an interim basis by Winston. She will continue to serve on the board."}
{"id": "doc7620", "text": "A new survey from e-commerce platform Shopify reveals three categories of holiday shopper retailers should focus on."}
{"id": "doc7621", "text": "According to the survey, most consumers plan to spend the same or more on holiday gifts than in 2018, with millennials, parents, and online shoppers most likely to increase their spend."}
{"id": "doc7622", "text": "The majority of consumers say they will spend the same (56%) or more (27%) on their holiday purchases compared to 2018. Millennials (40%) are more likely to increase their spending, with Gen Xers (19%) and baby boomers (19%) less likely. "}
{"id": "doc7623", "text": "In addition, parents (36%) are more likely to increase their spending this year compared to people without children (20%). Consumers who plan to shop online-only (31%) or through multiple channels (28%) are more likely to increase their spending this year compared to those planning to shop in-store only (9%). "}
{"id": "doc7624", "text": "U.S. consumers plan to spend $940 on average during the holidays, with men expected to buy 31% more than women ($1076 vs. $820). Shopify says this disparity is likely due to men buying more electronics/computers, which tend to be more expensive. Parents plan to spend 64% more than consumers without children ($1222 vs. $747)."}
{"id": "doc7625", "text": "The vast majority (89%) of consumers plan to make their holiday purchases using at least one online device. Forty-one percent of consumers, and 60% of millennials, will use a smartphone. Meanwhile 71% of consumers will use a computer and 16% will use a tablet. Millennials are almost twice as likely to shop for the holidays via smart home device (14%) than overall consumers (8%). "}
{"id": "doc7626", "text": "Seventy-one percent of consumers will also do at least some holiday shopping in-store, with a slightly lower percentage among millennials (67%). "}
{"id": "doc7627", "text": "Other interesting data points include:"}
{"id": "doc7628", "text": "Shopify conducted an online survey among 1,008 U.S. consumers between December 3-5, 2019, with sample provided by Maru/Blue. "}
{"id": "doc7629", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc7630", "text": "Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield has completed a $20 million renovation of its Valencia Town Center property. "}
{"id": "doc7631", "text": "Located in Santa Clarita Valley, just north of Los Angeles, the posh shopping center has enhanced the customer experience with new flooring, lighting, landscaping and furniture throughout, a second family lounge area, upgraded restrooms, and a renovated food court. Enhancements have also been made to the entry at Town Center Drive, including a new façade and awnings."}
{"id": "doc7632", "text": "The upgrade now seamlessly connects the center to its outdoor shopping districts, The Patios and Town Center Drive."}
{"id": "doc7633", "text": "“We began the interior renovations in the first quarter of 2019 with the goal of modernizing Valencia Town Center by elevating the destination’s ambience,” said Corrine Barchanowicz, senior general manager of Westfield Valencia Town Center."}
{"id": "doc7634", "text": "The renovations have attracted new tenant including Miniso, Salon Republic, L’Occitane en Provence and Lovisa Jewelry. First-to-market restaurant brands, Slater’s 50/50 and Hokkaido Ramen Santouka, are scheduled to open in the winter."}
{"id": "doc7635", "text": "Tailored Brands has named its first-ever chief customer officer."}
{"id": "doc7636", "text": "The menswear retailer named Carrie Ask, currently brand president of Men’s Wearhouse and Moores, to the new role of chief customer officer, with responsibility for Men’s Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank and Moores brands. In line with the new position, the company said it has eliminated the brand president positions for these brands. Mary Beth Blake, brand president of Jos. A. Bank, is resigning. "}
{"id": "doc7637", "text": "“We believe the new structure heightens our focus and ability to unlock value across our brand portfolio and will enable us to show up for our customers in more effective and efficient ways,” Tailored Brands president and CEO Dinesh Lathi stated."}
{"id": "doc7638", "text": "Tailored Brands also reported a third-quarter loss of $89.5 million, or $1.80 a share, compared with net income of $13.9 million, or 27 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings were 53 cents a share, better than the 43 cents analysts had forecast."}
{"id": "doc7639", "text": "Total net sales for the third quarter decreased 3.0% to a better-than-expected $729.5 million, primarily due to a 2.2% decrease in comparable sales.    "}
{"id": "doc7640", "text": "By brand, Men’s Wearhouse comparable sales decreased 2.8% and Jos. A. Bank comparable sales increased 0.5% primarily due to an increase in both units per transaction and transactions partially offset by a decrease in average unit retail. Moores’ comparable sales decreased 5.5% primarily due to a decrease in both average unit retail and transactions while units per transaction were essentially flat."}
{"id": "doc7641", "text": "Tailored Brands, owner of Mens Wearhouse, Jos. A Bank and other brands, turned in a disappointing first quarter performance amid slow sales at its core division."}
{"id": "doc7642", "text": "Net earnings totaled $7.1 million, or 14 cents a share, for the quarter ended May 4,  compared with $13.9 million, or 27 cents a share, a year ago. (Results for the most-recent quarter included $4.4 million in restructuring charges to pay severance and terminate leases.). Adjusted earnings came to 21 cents a share. Analysts were expecting earnings of 15 cents."}
{"id": "doc7643", "text": "Revenue fell 4.5% to $781.4 million,  but beating analysts expectations of $776 million. Same-store sales fell 3.2%. By brand, same-store sales declined 4.5%  at Men’s Wearhouse, 0.7% at Jos. A. Bank, 4.6% at Moores  and 0.5% at K&G. The company cited fewer transactions and units per transactions and lower sales at Men’s Wearhouse in particular."}
{"id": "doc7644", "text": "The retailer noted that, during the quarter, it launched new brand campaigns for both Men’s Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank that are being leveraged across channels. As a result, advertising expense increased $3.8 million to $45 million during the quarter, primarily reflecting the launch of new brand campaigns for Men’s Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank and more expensive local (instead of more economical national) broadcast media to support planned tests."}
{"id": "doc7645", "text": "In March, Tailored Brands named executive chairman Dinesh Lathi as president and CEO, succeeding longtime chief executive Doug Ewert, who retired. Lathi, who has served as chairman of the company since 2017 and executive chairman since 2018, sounded a positive note in a statement."}
{"id": "doc7646", "text": "“While we are on a journey to evolve our business to more fully meet our customers’ needs and wants, we made good progress in the first quarter against our strategic initiatives,” said Lathi. “Our custom business posted another strong quarter as we continued to respond to our customers’ demand for personalized products and services that help them look their best in the moments that matter. Our e-commerce team executed a robust portfolio of user experience and personalization tests, several of which have been pushed into production to increase conversion and average order values.”"}
{"id": "doc7647", "text": "For the second quarter, Tailored Brands projected earnings of 65 to 70 cents a share. Wall Street was looking for earnings of 81 cents a share."}
{"id": "doc7648", "text": "Tailored Brands operates over 1,400 locations in the U.S. and Canada, under such banners as Mens Wearhouse, Jos. A. Bank, Joseph Abboud, Moores Clothing for Men and K&G.  It also operates an international corporate apparel and workwear group consisting of Dimensions, Alexandra and Yaffy in the United Kingdom and Twin Hill in the United States."}
{"id": "doc7649", "text": "Simon’s 2003 attempt to take over Taubman Centers, a failed bid that set the big mall owners at odds ever since, has culminated in a merger forced by conditions of the times."}
{"id": "doc7650", "text": "“Last year we predicted that we were going to be seeing consolidation among REITs in the mall space. They’ve lost a lot of leverage with retailers. Retailers gained the upper hand, closing stores and driving rents down. So mall owners are forced to consolidate to add more growth,” said Greg Maloney, president and CEO of JLL Retail."}
{"id": "doc7651", "text": "Simon and Brookfield Property Group have been proactive in trying to prevent one important tenant from abandoning its malls. The two companies partnered with Authentic Brands to make a bid for bankrupt retailer Forever 21. Now Simon looks toward increased scale from the merger to immediately boost its funds from operations, adding at least 3% on an annualized basis."}
{"id": "doc7652", "text": "The deal presents several opportunities to both mall owners, according to Steiner Placemaking Advisory principal Manny Steiner, who helped curate new-age retail mixes at Easton Town Center and New England Development."}
{"id": "doc7653", "text": "“Simon adds market-dominant centers in key growth markets where Simon is either not dominant or will benefit from better controlling that market. And the greater market power of the combined organization could reinvigorate Taubman assets whose performance had been languishing recently,” Steiner said."}
{"id": "doc7654", "text": "Michigan-based Taubman thwarted the 2003 hostile takeover bid from Simon by getting the state legislature to enact a bill that that allowed the Taubman family to use its shares to block any takeover bid. The day after Michigan’s governor signed the bill into law, Simon withdrew its offer, and the Taubmans and Simons have been bitter rivals ever since."}
{"id": "doc7655", "text": "Changing times, however, make for changing attitudes."}
{"id": "doc7656", "text": "“There’s been some bad blood between the families since the takeover attempt, but they’ve had to put that aside to do what’s best for their shareholders,” Maloney said."}
{"id": "doc7657", "text": "The two companies hands were also forced by common imperative, said Steiner: maintaining relevancy of the mall format in what will continue to be a heavily disrupted industry."}
{"id": "doc7658", "text": "“In a period of significant disruption, moves like this are not a luxury, they are a necessity,” Steiner said. The groundwork for this long-term strategy is clear as Simon is doubling down in more ways than one and will soon become synonymous with what the mall represents to consumers in this country.”"}
{"id": "doc7659", "text": "Pinstripes, a 30,000-sq.-ft. entertainment concept that offers bowling, bocce, and fine Italian dining in a spacious two-level environment has an important new investor."}
{"id": "doc7660", "text": "It’s Simon Property Group, which has acquired a minority stake in the operator and, as part of the deal, will open Pinstripes locations in three of its malls, according to a report in Restaurant Business."}
{"id": "doc7661", "text": "Simon is being aggressive in adapting to the seismic shifts in retailing. Earlier this month, it announced a partnership with Rue Gilt Groupe to commercialize the website ShopPremiumOutlets.com. Simon intends to spend $280 million on the launch."}
{"id": "doc7662", "text": "Pinstripes sealed a nearly identical deal with Brookfield Properties earlier this year. It will be opening in three of that big mall owner’s properties, as well. "}
{"id": "doc7663", "text": "Among Pinstripes 10 locations are Cleveland, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Overland Park, Kan. It will be opening soon in Houston, San Mateo, Calif., and Norwalk, Conn. "}
{"id": "doc7664", "text": "Pinstripes has set an expansion goal of 100 locations."}
{"id": "doc7665", "text": "A major mall operator is accepting returns of online purchases at more locations."}
{"id": "doc7666", "text": "Simon is now providing the Happy Returns service, which enables shoppers to return online purchases at guest services counters for immediate refunds, at 52 malls across the country. The company began partnering with Happy Returns, a third-party online return and exchange platform, as a pilot program in five centers in 2017, and has been gradually expanding it since."}
{"id": "doc7667", "text": "Shoppers can return or exchange items from select online retailers at Simon Guest Services at participating centers, for an immediate credit. Simon uses the Return Bar service from Happy Returns, which allows items to be accepted without packaging or labels, so shoppers dont need to pack, ship, or wait for refunds. Return Bar associates look up the customer order by their email address with the Happy Returns app to verify the item can be returned. "}
{"id": "doc7668", "text": "Return Bar associates then inspect the item and collect the reason for return to initiate the refund, with the customer receiving an email receipt. Happy Returns then prepares returns for restocking, using bulk shipments whenever possible to reduce costs. "}
{"id": "doc7669", "text": "Simon is excited to expand Happy Returns at our centers as we continue to meet and exceed our consumers’ expectations, said Andy Hutcherson, senior VP of innovation and customer experience, Simon. This popular service makes it easy and convenient for our guests to return and exchange merchandise, while also enjoying the latest offerings from Simons retail, dining, and entertainment tenants – all in the same trip."}
{"id": "doc7670", "text": "We are thrilled to expand with Simon, given the high-quality service experience shoppers receive from the concierge at these properties, said David Sobie, co-founder of Happy Returns. Simon is our largest shopping mall relationship, and together we are demonstrating that online returns are an opportunity to delight shoppers and enable sustainable reverse logistics."}
{"id": "doc7671", "text": "A new study from mall operator Simon indicates that shopping online is not so environmentally friendly."}
{"id": "doc7672", "text": "The study, conducted with Deloitte, shows that mall shopping can be up to 60% more environmentally sustainable than online shopping. According to Simon and Deloitte, factors including increased returns and additional packaging contribute to e-commerces negative environmental impact. In contrast, the lower emissions associated with brick-and-mortar locations were driven by shoppers making a greater number of purchases per trip and combining their mall visits with other activities as part of their trip chain."}
{"id": "doc7673", "text": "An initial study conducted by Deloitte in 2016 assessed the greenhouse gas emissions associated with all material, energy and waste attributable to a product in its lifecycle. Simon updated the analysis with new data to incorporate recent trends in shopper behaviors for both online and mall shopping. To ensure comparability, the life cycle assessment assumed that the consumer purchased the same basket of goods online as they would in a brick-and-mortar location. "}
{"id": "doc7674", "text": "The updated study demonstrates that shopping at a mall is approximately three times more environmentally sustainable than just three years ago due to changing consumer behaviors, both online and in-store. Key findings from the study include:"}
{"id": "doc7675", "text": "•    Shopping online leads to five times more returned products, which considerably increases the environmental impact. The study shows that approximately 40% of online purchases are returned, compared to a 7% return rate in the case of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc7676", "text": "•    Shopping online creates five times more emissions from packaging for online orders (such as corrugated boxes, bubble wrap, etc.) compared with the emissions associated with use of plastic/paper bags consumers typically bring home from a mall."}
{"id": "doc7677", "text": "•    Mall shoppers buy, on average, three and a half products per trip and visit other places on their way to the mall, lowers the emissions specifically related to their mall visit because their trip is divided between multiple stops."}
{"id": "doc7678", "text": "Simon continues to focus on improving the sustainability of its own properties. Through careful energy efficiency and renewable energy investments, we have reduced the greenhouse gas emissions at our properties by over 21% in five years. However, sustainable shopping can only be achieved in collaboration with retailers and shoppers. Especially during holiday shopping, we encourage consumers to consider the environmental impact of their shopping behaviors, said Mona Benisi, VP of sustainability, Simon. "}
{"id": "doc7679", "text": "Earth Fare has been done in by debt and ongoing disruption in the retail grocery marketplace. "}
{"id": "doc7680", "text": "The natural and organic foods grocery chain announced that it is beginning liquidation sales as it prepares to close its stores and corporate office. It is the third specialty grocer in recent weeks to seek a buyer or shut down operations, following in the steps of New York-based Fairway Market and Boulder, Colo.-based Lucky’s Market, both of which have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection."}
{"id": "doc7681", "text": "Earth Fare has implemented numerous initiatives in recent years aimed at growth and expansion and enhancing the customer experience. But the grocer, which operates approximately 50 stores in 10 states, said its efforts were not enough."}
{"id": "doc7682", "text": "“While many of these initiatives improved the business, continued challenges in the retail industry impeded the companys progress as well as its ability to refinance its debt,” Earth Fare stated. “As a result, Earth Fare is not in a financial position to continue to operate on a go-forward basis. As such, we have made the difficult, but necessary decision to commence inventory liquidation sales while we continue to engage in a process to find potential suitors for our stores.”"}
{"id": "doc7683", "text": "Private equity firm Oak Hill Capital owns an 80% stake in Earth Fare, which was founded in 1975. The retailer said it has notified all employees of the impending closures and will continue to pursue a sale of assets, in whole or in parts, during the liquidation process. "}
{"id": "doc7684", "text": "Earth Fare sells foods and products that it says are free of hormones, antibiotics, preservatives and artificial ingredients. In line with its focus on “clean food,” Earth Fare stores feature products and programs to make it easier for shoppers to incorporate a better-for-you eating strategy into their lifestyles."}
{"id": "doc7685", "text": "It has been challenged by increased competition in recent years, not only from online players and specialty grocers in its sector, but also by more traditional ones such as Kroger, Publix and Walmart, which have increased their natural and organic assortment. "}
{"id": "doc7686", "text": "A brand acquisition and licensing firm has made an offer to buy the brand name, online business and other intellectual assets of Destination Maternity for approximately $50 million. "}
{"id": "doc7687", "text": "The bankrupt retailer announced it has made a motion to approve the selection of Marquee Brands  as the stalking horse bidder in its ongoing marketing and sale process. (In April, Marquee Brands acquired the Martha Stewart and Emeril Lagasse brands and all related intellectual property from Sequential Brands.)"}
{"id": "doc7688", "text": "Destination Maternity filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October, with plans to close about 210 of its 446 locations.  The retailer, whose filing  listed $260 million in assets and $240 million in debts, has seen its sales decline in recent years amid a declining U.S. birth rate, increased competition and changing consumer behaviors. A heavy debt load added to its struggle."}
{"id": "doc7689", "text": "Marquee Brands and a group composed of Hilco Merchant Resources and Gordon Brothers Retail Partners entered into an asset purchase agreement with a proposal to purchase Destination Maternity’s e-commerce business, intellectual property, leased departments within stores operations and the right to designate the sale of certain inventory and related assets."}
{"id": "doc7690", "text": "The agreement provides for the buyer to sell or otherwise designate the disposition of inventory, fixtures and equipment and the designated assets through store closing sales at Destination Maternity’s 235 stores where closing sales are not already in process, and will oversee the wind down of Destination Maternity’s leased stores."}
{"id": "doc7691", "text": "Marquee’s bid of approximately $50 million is to a higher bid at bankruptcy auction, which is  scheduled to take place on December 9.  The deadline to submit qualified bids is December 5."}
{"id": "doc7692", "text": "Charming Charlie may live to see another day — sort of."}
{"id": "doc7693", "text": "Hilco Streambank announced it has been retained by Charming Charlie to solicit interest in the brand and related intellectual property assets, including trademarks, domain names, a sizable customer database and social media assets. The jewelry and accessories retailer filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy  in July, with plans to close all its 261 stores."}
{"id": "doc7694", "text": "Offers for Charming Charlie’s intellectual property assets are due on September 5, 2019, and an auction will be held on September 11, 2019.  More information is available here."}
{"id": "doc7695", "text": "“A buyer has an opportunity to capture the brand’s sales by growing the brand’s e-commerce business and/or developing a curated retail portfolio to connect with the customer, as well as building upon the brand’s highly successful loyalty program,” said Gabe Fried, CEO, Hilco Streambank."}
{"id": "doc7696", "text": "It looks like Sprouts Farmers Market’s value proposition and business model are helping the grocer avoid the fate of bankrupt specialty competitors -- at least for now."}
{"id": "doc7697", "text": "The Phoenix-based natural foods chain not only exceeded its fourth-quarter guidance, but it also named a blockbuster new board member whos poised to help the retailer take the next step in its evolution as a highly differentiated natural grocer."}
{"id": "doc7698", "text": "Doug Rauch, the legendary grocery veteran who shepherded Trader Joe’s stores to cult status across the world, is joining the Sprouts board of directors, effective Feb. 25."}
{"id": "doc7699", "text": "“We are thrilled to add Doug to our board of directors,” said Sprouts CEO Jack Sinclair. “Doug is a seasoned grocery veteran whose decades of experience at one of the most well-regarded retailers in the industry will be invaluable to our company as we continue to develop our long-term strategy.”"}
{"id": "doc7700", "text": "Rauch spent 31 years with Trader Joe’s, including 14 years as a president. He was instrumental in the growth of that chain from nine stores in California to a national chain, as well as the development of its prized buying philosophy and the creation of its unique private label food program. Rauch joins new board member Joel Anderson, CEO of Five Below, and new CFO Denise Paulonis, all recent additions to the company."}
{"id": "doc7701", "text": "“Sprouts shares my beliefs of making healthy living affordable to everyday grocery shoppers and conducting its business in a way that is also good for the planet, and I look forward to working with the board and management team to help guide the company’s path forward,” Rauch said."}
{"id": "doc7702", "text": "Making healthy living affordable to everyday grocery shoppers is exactly what Sinclair believes is keeping Sprouts on a path to long-term profitability and sustained sales growth. During a fourth-quarter earnings call late Thursday, Sinclair said that his companys value proposition is what differentiates Sprouts from natural food players such as Luckys Market and Earth Fare, which have both gone bankrupt in the past month."}
{"id": "doc7703", "text": "We are aware of whats going on in the marketplace, but were creating a lot of differentiation with the type of products we are putting in. Our fresh produce operation is better than most and will stay better than most. Our bulk operation is pretty unique; our vitamin operation is pretty unique. And our grocery is differentiated because the products that were selling are totally different to what you can find in conventional or mass-market competitors. Also, we have a strong cash-generative business with a strong balance sheet, which I think contrasts a little bit with some of the more direct competitors in this space. And they didnt really have the scale that we have, Sinclair noted."}
{"id": "doc7704", "text": "He added that Sprouts is also taking transformative steps toward sustained profitability such as building smaller stores that cost less to operate, expanding private label, and paring down promotions and assortments to drive long-term growth for the company."}
{"id": "doc7705", "text": "Now, apparently, those steps also include paring down the grocers prepared foods and dairy offerings."}
{"id": "doc7706", "text": "I think some things we probably have learned from one or two of those [bankrupt] competitors is, if you spend too much money and too much capital and invest too much in labor in certain categories, and particularly in dairy and prepared foods, you can put yourself in a place where its very difficult to make the returns that youd want to make. And thats something that we will be reversing and have been working on the past few months, Sinclair said."}
{"id": "doc7707", "text": "Sinclair also said Sprouts intends to keep expanding; the company plans to open 20 new stores this year. Thats down from 22 new stores opened in 2019. And the company hinted at where it plans to expand next (coincidentally, the same places where a lot of Luckys and Earth Fare stores are located)."}
{"id": "doc7708", "text": "Both Georgia and Florida performed better during the fourth quarter, Sinclair said. Weve got 16 stores in Georgia, and 15 in Florida. Both of those markets represent significant opportunities going forward to us."}
{"id": "doc7709", "text": "Sinclair also mentioned expansion opportunities in the mid-Atlantic, Southern California and parts of the Southwest."}
{"id": "doc7710", "text": "But possibly the most interesting nugget Sinclair provided during the earnings call was a comment about the retailers strategic shift to a treasure hunt approach."}
{"id": "doc7711", "text": "Over the last several months, we challenged ourselves to make key fundamental shifts in how we run our business. We refined and balanced our promotional strategies to target our core customer and eliminate inefficient promotions. We focused our promotional activity by responding to opportunities in the marketplace rather than reacting to promotional pricing elsewhere, resulting in improved cost of merchandise. We focused on display and presentation of items that differentiate us in the marketplace and provide uniqueness to the customer, Sinclair said. All these changes have created a platform from which we can build our brand to be known as a treasure hunt for healthy eating across this country."}
{"id": "doc7712", "text": "For the fourth quarter ended Dec. 29, Sprouts beat its guidance on net sales by posting $1.4 billion in revenue, an 8% increase from the same period in 2018. It also beat guidance on same-store sales, which grew 1.5%; the grocer posted two-year same-store sales growth of 3.8%. The company reported a fourth-quarter profit of $31.6 million. On a per-share basis, the grocer said that it had net income of 27 cents. The results beat Wall Street expectations. Net income was $32 million, compared with $13 million and adjusted net income of $24 million from the same period in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc7713", "text": "For fiscal 2019, the company reported profit of $149.6 million, or $1.25 per share. Revenue was reported as $5.63 billion. "}
{"id": "doc7714", "text": "Sprouts expects full-year earnings to be $1.17 to $1.23 per share."}
{"id": "doc7715", "text": "The companys shares have dropped 17% since the beginning of the year. In the final minutes of trading on Thursday, Feb. 20, shares hit $16.05, a decline of 34% in the last 12 months."}
{"id": "doc7716", "text": "The retail landscape remains fluid and we continue to evolve how we connect with our customers, Sinclair said. I remain confident in the teams ability to focus on creating a more efficient business while implementing a strategic plan to position us for long-term profitable growth."}
{"id": "doc7717", "text": "This article originally appeared on progressivegrocer.com."}
{"id": "doc7718", "text": "The founder and chief executive of L Brands — the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company — may be stepping down from his post — and selling Victoria’s Secret."}
{"id": "doc7719", "text": "Lex Wexner, a pioneer of mall-based specialty store retailing, is in discussions to step down as CEO of L Brands, parent company of Victoria’s Secret and Bath & Body Works. The news was first reported by the Wall Street Journal, which also said that Wexner is exploring options for the ailing lingerie brand, including a full or partial sale. Wexner, L Brands’ largest shareholder with a 16% stake, could stay on as company chairman, according to the report. "}
{"id": "doc7720", "text": "Wexner, 82, is coming off a hard year. Last summer, he came under intense scrutiny for his association with disgraced late financier Jeffrey Epstein, who reportedly managed Wexner’s personal finances and served as trustee of his charitable foundation. (Wexner, who has not been accused of criminal wrongdoing, cut his ties with Epstein more than a decade ago.)"}
{"id": "doc7721", "text": "On the business side, falling revenue at Victoria’s Secret has continued to take a toll on L Brands’ performance. The brand’s same-store sales fell 7% in its third quarter, compared to a 2% decrease in the year-ago period. Victoria’s Secret has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusion, and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. "}
{"id": "doc7722", "text": "Wexner opened his first store, The Limited, in 1963, in Kingsdale Mall, in Upper Arlington, Ohio. From that one store, he went on to grow a sprawling retail empire. Wexner bought Victorias Secret for $1 million in 1982. At the time, the company, which was on the verge of bankruptcy, operated six lingerie shops in San Francisco. He has been CEO of the brand ever since. "}
{"id": "doc7723", "text": "Victoria’s Secret is going private. And the retail industry is losing its longest-serving chief executive."}
{"id": "doc7724", "text": "L Brands confirmed it is selling the majority (55%) stake in struggling Victorias Secret (including the Pink brand and Victorias Secret Beauty) to private equity firm Sycamore Partners for about $525 million. L Brands will retain a 45% minority stake in the company. Under the terms of the transaction, Victorias Secret has a total enterprise value of $1.1 billion."}
{"id": "doc7725", "text": "The deal means that L Brands will now be responsible only for running its other division, Bath & Body Works, which has been outperforming Victoria’s Secret for some time. Once the transaction closes, L Brands CEO Les Wexner, 82, will step down from his post, staying on as chairman emeritus. "}
{"id": "doc7726", "text": "Wexner, a pioneer of mall-based specialty store retailing and L Brands largest shareholder, is the longest-serving CEO of an S&P 500 company. He opened his first store, The Limited, in 1963, and went on to grow a global retail empire. In 1982, Wexner bought Victorias Secret, a small lingerie chain on the verge of bankruptcy, for $1 million."}
{"id": "doc7727", "text": "Most recently, he has come under scrutiny for his ties to the late financier Jeffrey Epstein, who was indicted on sex-trafficking charges,  and the performance of Victoria’s Secret, whose sales have been declining since 2017.  The chain has been criticized for being out of touch with changing consumer tastes amid new competitors that stress diversity and inclusivity. "}
{"id": "doc7728", "text": "“Les Wexner is a retail legend who has built incredible brands that are household names around the globe,” Allan Tessler, lead independent board director, L Brands."}
{"id": "doc7729", "text": "His leadership through this transition exemplifies his commitment to further growth of Bath & Body Works and Victoria’s Secret and driving overall shareholder value.”"}
{"id": "doc7730", "text": "L Brands said it plans to use the proceeds of the deal to pay down debt."}
{"id": "doc7731", "text": "“We believe this structure will allow Bath & Body Works – which represents the vast majority of 2019 consolidated operating income – to continue to achieve strong growth and receive its appropriate market valuation,” Wexner said. We believe the separation of Victoria’s Secret Lingerie, Victoria’s Secret Beauty and Pink into a privately held company provides the best path to restoring these businesses to their historic levels of profitability and growth. Sycamore, which has deep experience in the retail industry and a superior track record of success, will bring a fresh perspective and greater focus to the business.”"}
{"id": "doc7732", "text": "Analyst Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, commented that the sale could have avoided if L Brands had taken decisive action on Victorias Secret a long time ago. "}
{"id": "doc7733", "text": "That it didn’t cost the company what was once a key brand and has diminished its sale value, he said. Ultimately, that is the price of being asleep in a market that has become more woke.  For more analysis, click here. "}
{"id": "doc7734", "text": "Upon the close of the transaction, Andrew Meslow, currently COO of Bath & Body Works, will become CEO of L Brands and will join its board. Meslow, who joined L Brands in 2003, has 29 years of experience in the retail industry, the last 15 at Bath & Body Works."}
{"id": "doc7735", "text": "Nick Coe, the current CEO of Bath & Body Works, has been named vice chairman of Bath & Body Works brand strategy and new ventures. In Coe’s new role, he will focus more intently on the strategic position of the business, the evolution of the brand, product development and new ventures/acquisitions."}
{"id": "doc7736", "text": "“For nearly nine years, Nick and Andrew have been a powerful combination, driving the Bath & Body Works brand to more than $5 billion in sales with best-in-class profitability,” Wexner stated. “We are pleased to name Andrew as CEO of Bath & Body Works and have Nick step into this new, more focused role as the team propels the brand and business forward.”"}
{"id": "doc7737", "text": "L Brands reported a steep loss for its Q3 as sales continued to fall at its troubled Victorias Secret division."}
{"id": "doc7738", "text": "The retailer’s net loss totaled $252 million, or 91 cents a share, in the quarter ended Nov.2, compared with a loss of $43 million, or 16 cents a share, in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings came to 2 cents a share, in line with analysts’ estimates, compared with 16 cents a share a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc7739", "text": "Sales fell to $2.67 billion from $2.77 billion a year ago. Analysts had expected sales of $2.69 billion."}
{"id": "doc7740", "text": "Total comparable sales (for stores and direct) fell 2%. By brand, same-store sales fell 7% at Victoria’s Secret, compared to a decline of 2% in the year-ago period. Same-store sales rose 9% at Bath & Body Works. "}
{"id": "doc7741", "text": "L Brands has been working to turn around its struggling Victoria’s Secret brand, which has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusion and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. "}
{"id": "doc7742", "text": "In line with changing attitudes, L Brands marketing chief Edward Razek, an architect of Victoria’s Secret sexy image has departed the company. And the brand will not air its annual fashion extravaganza on national television this year. "}
{"id": "doc7743", "text": "The company stated that it expects 2019 fourth-quarter earnings per share to be about $2.00, which would result in full-year adjusted earnings per share of about $2.40, compared to its previous full-year guidance range of $2.30 to $2.60."}
{"id": "doc7744", "text": "The angels have fallen at Victoria’s Secret. "}
{"id": "doc7745", "text": "Speaking on parent company L Brands quarterly earnings call, CFO Stuart Burgdoerfer officially confirmed what has been widely speculated for months: The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, which has aired on national TV since 2001, is officially – and entirely — canceled. Burgdoerfer said that the company wants to “evolve the marketing” of its signature brand, whose downward trajectory continued in its most recent quarter with a 7% drop in same-store sales. "}
{"id": "doc7746", "text": "“We will be communicating to customers, but nothing that I would say is similar in magnitude to the fashion show,” said Burgdoerfer."}
{"id": "doc7747", "text": "L Brands has been working to turn around its struggling Victoria’s Secret brand, which has struggled to find its footing as consumers increasingly opt for lingerie brands that emphasize comfort, inclusive sizing and diversity, such as ThirdLove, Lively and American Eagle’s Aerie. The over-the-top fashion show, famous for its  parade of skinny, bejeweled supermodels outfitted in provocative lingerie and giant angel wings, was emblematic of just how of touch Victoria’s Secret had become with today’s consumers, according to many industry observers."}
{"id": "doc7748", "text": "The viewing audiences for the show has plunged in the last few years. The first outing attracted some 12 millions viewers. In 2017, it had just under 5 million viewers, down 32% from the previous year. In 2018, viewership was down to 3.27 million, a record low."}
{"id": "doc7749", "text": "It’s holiday time again at Starbucks."}
{"id": "doc7750", "text": "The coffee giant unveiled its 2019 holiday cups, which will be available in stores starting on Nov. 7."}
{"id": "doc7751", "text": "The cups come in four seasonal designs, in shades of red, white and Starbucks’ signature green. There is also a reusable holiday cup, which Starbucks is giving away free to customers who order a holiday drink on Nov. 7. For a limited time during the holiday season, customers who use the cup will get 50 cents off select beverages after 2 p.m. (The reusable cup was so popular last year that Starbucks’ stores quickly ran out of them.)"}
{"id": "doc7752", "text": "When Starbucks released its holiday cup last year, the company saw footfall traffic to its locations nearly double in just a few days, according to location intelligence and consumer insights company Cuebiq. Specifically, Starbucks had about half a million visits the day before the launch (Nov. 1) and nearly a million visits two days later (Nov. 4)."}
{"id": "doc7753", "text": "Starbucks first debuted its holiday cups in 1997 and, over the years, some of the designs have sparked controversy among critics on the right for not being Christmasy enough. Similar to last year, however, this year’s cup designs are unlikely to raise any sort of arguments. Typography is used as the main illustrative element for three of the designs, with whole letters rotated for a musical, song-like quality, while polka dots cover the fourth. Each cup design has a unifying green stripe on the back, finishing the cup like a ribbon."}
{"id": "doc7754", "text": "“We came up with this idea of wrapping the stores in holiday joy and wrapping the cups like a gift to our partners and customers,” said Jen Quotson, VP of Starbucks Creative. “We wanted coming to Starbucks to be like uncovering a present.”"}
{"id": "doc7755", "text": "The designers also found other ways to bring the cups to life. For the first time, they also designed a series of holiday ads. The ads build off the cup designs and include a green dot sledding down a mountain of whipped cream or red ribbon twirling around a Starbucks cup. The designs carry over to a partnership with Instagram where customers can use a new interactive feature to animate elements of the cup to share through their accounts. "}
{"id": "doc7756", "text": "Starbucks is also partnering with Alaska Airlines. Patrons who arrive at their airport gate with a Starbucks holiday cup will receive priority boarding on Alaska Airlines flights Nov. 7-10. And passengers on select West Coast flights may even board a holiday-themed aircraft, with some even finding a surprise from Starbucks on their seats."}
{"id": "doc7757", "text": "In addition to the cups, Starbucks is launching an array of seasonal beverages and food and bakery items, ranging from eggnog latte to turkey and panini to snowman cake pops."}
{"id": "doc7758", "text": "Starbucks’ loyalty members will soon have a unique location to pick up their beverages New York City’s Penn Station."}
{"id": "doc7759", "text": "In a brief post on its e-commerce site, Starbucks says it is introducing Starbucks Pickup, a streamlined store experience specifically designed for members of the Starbucks Rewards loyalty program who order and pay with its app. "}
{"id": "doc7760", "text": "“This is unlike any Starbucks you’ve seen before—a space devoted entirely to mobile orders, with no obstacles standing between you and your coffee,” Starbucks says in the post."}
{"id": "doc7761", "text": "To patronize the Starbucks Pickup store, customers will need to sign up for Starbucks Rewards, download the Starbucks app and use the mobile order and pay option. Before placing the order, customers will then select Pickup – Penn Plaza as their order location. "}
{"id": "doc7762", "text": "When they arrive at the store, customers will find their name on the order status board. In-store baristas will be available to offer assistance if needed. No other types of orders can be placed."}
{"id": "doc7763", "text": "Starbucks currently offers a similar mobile-focused store format in Beijing, China. Called Starbucks Now, it is designed to offer a streamlined experience for customers who have pre-ordered online and also for delivery drivers/riders who are picking up online orders. "}
{"id": "doc7764", "text": "Starbucks Now features a dedicated area for pickup of Starbucks Delivers orders by drivers, while fulfilled online orders are placed in a secure in-wall system with a designated pickup portal associated with each order. Unlike Starbucks Pickup, Starbucks Now does have a limited product assortment for on-the-go orders placed inside the store."}
{"id": "doc7765", "text": "Coffee fans in five new markets can get a cup of Starbucks coffee by opening their door."}
{"id": "doc7766", "text": "Starbucks Coffee Co. is expanding its Starbucks Delivers on-demand delivery service to Atlanta, Denver, Phoenix, Philadelphia, and New Jersey, and is also further expanding it in the New York metro area. The delivery program, which initially launched as a pilot in partnership with Uber Eats in late 2018, is now available in a total of 16 major U.S. markets and will reach national availability in early 2020."}
{"id": "doc7767", "text": "The delivery service, which offers about 95% of core items on the Starbucks menu, is available via the Uber Eats mobile app on iOS and Android devices. Customers can follow orders within the mobile app, tracking progress and location of their Uber courier. Starbucks has also developed packaging to help ensure the quality of hot and cold menu items. "}
{"id": "doc7768", "text": "Orders can be customized as they would for orders on Starbucks mobile apps. Delivery orders have a $0.49 delivery fee and 15% service fee. There is a small order fee of $2 for orders under $10."}
{"id": "doc7769", "text": "“Following our recent commitment to make delivery available nationwide in 2020, we are excited to bring Starbucks Delivers to five more major U.S. markets,” said Roz Brewer, group president and COO for Starbucks. “The expansion of Starbucks Delivers is part of our continuous effort to enhance the retail experience and provide customers another convenient option to enjoy Starbucks wherever they are.”"}
{"id": "doc7770", "text": "In addition to the U.S., Starbucks has launched delivery programs in more than 15 global markets, including Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Singapore, the U.K., and Vietnam. Starbucks has made several investments to its global delivery initiatives, including voice ordering and delivery capabilities through Alibaba’s delivery platform Ele.me in China and expanding Starbucks Delivers, in partnership with Uber Eats, to 11 major markets in the U.K."}
{"id": "doc7771", "text": "Starbucks has temporarily shuttered more than half of its stores in China in response to the coronavirus. "}
{"id": "doc7772", "text": "On its quarterly earnings call with analysts, Starbucks executives warned that the viral outbreak could “materially affect” its fiscal 2020 results. Starbucks had 4,292 stores in China at the end of last year. The country is the chain’s second-largest market and accounted for 10% of Starbucks’ revenue during its first quarter."}
{"id": "doc7773", "text": "Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson told analysts he had anticipated raising the companys financial forecast for 2020 when it reported earnings. But he decided not to due to “the dynamic situation unfolding with the coronavirus.”"}
{"id": "doc7774", "text": "“The magnitude of the impact will depend on the duration of store closures as we work with local authorities to manage the situation and protect our partners and customers,” CFO Pat Grismer told analysts."}
{"id": "doc7775", "text": "In a prepared statement, Johnson said the company would be “transparent with all stakeholders in communicating how we are responding to these extraordinary circumstances and the implications for our near-term business results.”"}
{"id": "doc7776", "text": "The news about the China store closings overshadowed what was an impressive first quarter for the coffee giant and one of its strongest holiday seasons ever. Starbucks reported net income of $885.7 million, or 74 cents per share, in the quarter ended Dec. 29, up from $760.6 million, or 61 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding the impact of restructuring and impairment costs and other items, earnings totaled 79 cents per share, topping the 76 cents per share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc7777", "text": "Net sales rose 7% to $7.1 billion, in line with expectations. Global comparable store sales rose 5%, driven by a 3% increase in average ticket and a 2% increase in comparable transactions."}
{"id": "doc7778", "text": "U.S. same-store sales rose 6%, boosted by more customers visiting its cafes. "}
{"id": "doc7779", "text": "“Our growth was fueled by a healthy balance of comparable sales growth and new store development, as well as continued expansion of our global coffee alliance with Nestlé. Investments in our partners, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships contributed not only to strong topline growth, but also significant margin expansion in the quarter,” Johnson stated.  "}
{"id": "doc7780", "text": "Starbucks reaffirmed its fiscal 2020 forecast but said it was excluding the impact of coronavirus. Under its current forecast, its fiscal 2020 revenue is expected to rise between 6% and 8% and global same-store sales growth will be in a range of 3% to 4%."}
{"id": "doc7781", "text": "“The company will update its guidance for fiscal 2020 when we can reasonably estimate the impact of the coronavirus,” Starbucks said in the earnings release."}
{"id": "doc7782", "text": "Starbucks had 31,795 stores at the end of the first quarter, up 6% over the prior year. It expects to add 2,000 net new locations worldwide in fiscal 2020."}
{"id": "doc7783", "text": "A new survey indicates millennial shopping habits are more complex than they are often given credit for."}
{"id": "doc7784", "text": "According to the 2020 Consumer Culture Report from public relations agency 5WPR, millennial shoppers age 18-34 are more likely to make impulse purchases (64%) than Gen X shoppers age 35-54 (53%) or baby boomer shoppers age 55 and older (36%)."}
{"id": "doc7785", "text": "However, millennials are also more likely to watch carefully for sales before purchasing an item they really want (90%) than Gen Xers (85%) or baby boomers (79%). In addition, millennials (80%) are much more likely to keep a running wish list of items in their online carts at favorite e-commerce sites than Gen Xers (66%) or baby boomers (31%). "}
{"id": "doc7786", "text": "There are similar discrepancies in how likely shoppers in a certain generation are to check items in their cart several times for discounts before making a purchase. Eighty-two percent of millennials, but only 68% of Gen Xers and 49% of baby boomers, will track their online carts in this manner."}
{"id": "doc7787", "text": "Although Facebook has gained a reputation of being the social media platform of choice for older generations, millennials (77%) are more likely to report using Facebook daily than Gen Xers (68%) or baby boomers (52%). Generational differences in daily social media use are most pronounced for Instagram (70% of millennials, compared to 39% of Gen Xers and 9% of baby boomers. "}
{"id": "doc7788", "text": "Generational discrepancies also exist for daily use of Twitter (54% of millennials, 38% of Gen Xers and 9% of baby boomers) and Pinterest (38% of millennials, 23% of Gen Xers and 6% of baby boomers)."}
{"id": "doc7789", "text": "When it comes to influences on purchase decisions, similar majorities of respondents from each generation say they are influenced by word of mouth (93% of millennials and 89% of both Gen Xers and baby boomers) and online customer reviews (90% of millennials, 84% of Gen Xers and 77% of baby boomers). However, millennials are more likely to be influenced by someone they follow on Facebook (67% of millennials, 48% of Gen Xers and 22% of baby boomers) or Instagram (72% of millennials, 41% of Gen Xers and 9% of baby boomers). A majority of all three generations say it is important they buy from companied aligning with their values (83% of millennials, 73% of Gen Xers and 60% of baby boomers)."}
{"id": "doc7790", "text": "In one final interesting data point, 68% of “digitally native” millennials prefer finding new products in-store to online."}
{"id": "doc7791", "text": "Brick-and-mortar remains the top destination when it comes to Halloween shopping. "}
{"id": "doc7792", "text": "To buy Halloween merchandise, 42% of shoppers will go to a discount store, 36% to a specialty Halloween or costume store, 25% will shop online, another 25% will go to a grocery store and 23% will visit a department store, according to the National Retail Federation’s annual survey conducted by Prosper Insights & Analytics.  "}
{"id": "doc7793", "text": "Spending on Halloween costume and decoration ideas is expected to reach a near-record amount this year, the survey found. Shoppers say they will spend an average $86.27, down just slightly from last year’s record $86.79. That works out to $8.8 billion in total spending, down from last year’s $9 billion. This year’s total is expected to be the third-highest in the survey’s 15-year history. "}
{"id": "doc7794", "text": "Online search remains the top source of Halloween inspiration, cited by 35% of consumers surveyed, followed by browsing in stores at 28%, and ideas from friends and family at 20%. Inspiration from social media has increased across several platforms since 2015. Pinterest was cited by 18%, up from 13% in 2015; 14% cited both YouTube (up from 8%) and Instagram (up from 7%). According to the survey, consumers plan to spend $3.2 billion on costumes (purchased by 67% of Halloween shoppers), $2.6 billion on candy (95%), $2.7 billion on decorations (72%) and $390 million on greeting cards (34%)."}
{"id": "doc7795", "text": "Shoppers will visit brick-and-mortar stores in 2020, but won’t check their devices at the door."}
{"id": "doc7796", "text": "According to a new survey investigating the 2020 shopping habits of more than 16,000 consumers from mobile rewards app Shopkick, physical interactions with products will still play a major role in purchasing decisions this year. More than eight in 10 (82%) respondents say that seeing, holding or demoing a product in-person makes them more inclined to actually purchase it."}
{"id": "doc7797", "text": "Other notable 2020 shopping trends uncovered by the survey include:•    Boomers and Gen Z shoppers are most likely to do the majority of their 2020 shopping in physical retailers (67% and 61%, respectively), with Gen X (59%) and millennials (57%) close behind."}
{"id": "doc7798", "text": "•    Eighty-eight percent of all respondents plan to use their mobile devices while shopping in-store, most often to find deals and coupons or to compare prices. Fifty percent of consumers plan to use their mobile devices in-store more frequently in 2020."}
{"id": "doc7799", "text": "•    Boomers lead the pack in planning to shop more frequently at retailers that align with their core values (75%), followed closely by Gen X (72%), millennials (70%) and Gen Z (68%). However, younger consumers are more likely to feel a sense of loyalty to brands. Sixty-four percent of Gen Z respondents report feeling a sense of brand loyalty, compared to 47 percent of boomers."}
{"id": "doc7800", "text": "•    Half of consumers (50%) plan to make the majority of their purchases with debit cards in the new year. Credit cards come in second at 27%, followed by cash (15%), app-based payment methods (6%) and gift cards (2%). Interestingly, Gen Z is the only generation planning to pay more often with cash over credit (29% and 15%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc7801", "text": "•    A clear majority of respondents don’t plan to use installment or pay-later payment options them (83% and 87%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc7802", "text": "•    Most consumers don’t plan to shop on social platforms in the new year, but for those who do, Facebook is the most popular platform, according to millennials, Gen X, and boomers (26%, 26% and 29%, respectively). Meanwhile, Gen Z is the only generation more likely to shop on Instagram (20%)."}
{"id": "doc7803", "text": "Instagram’s U.S. growth rate is on the decline even as ad spending on the platform is soaring. "}
{"id": "doc7804", "text": "Instagram’s ad revenues continue to grow at high double-digit rates, according to eMarketer. It expects the social media platform to generate $9.45 billion in ad revenues in 2019, and grow 46.6% to $13.86 billion in 2020. "}
{"id": "doc7805", "text": "The explosive growth comes as newly introduced ads in different parts of the Instagram app, such as the “Discover” tab, open up more inventory for advertisers. Shoppable ads are currently in beta on the platform, and eMarketer said it expects the ads will play a major role in future growth."}
{"id": "doc7806", "text": "In 2019, Instagrams U.S. user growth rate will have dropped to single digits — 6.7%— for the first time, down from 10.1% in 2018, according to eMarketer. Starting in 2020, and through the end of 2023, eMarketer now estimates growth will be at 4.5% in 2020, revised down from 5.4%, and in 2021, it will be 3.2% instead of 4.1%. Contributing to Instagram’s overall slower growth is the fact that older age groups are not joining the platform as quickly as anticipated."}
{"id": "doc7807", "text": "eMarketer added that while older users will not be growing as fast, there have been larger-than-expected gains in users ages 25 to 34, at 11.4%. However, it doesn’t anticipate that this group will change substantially in the coming years, as increased competition from a Snapchat resurgence and the rise of TikTok will make it harder for Instagram to maintain high growth."}
{"id": "doc7808", "text": "“Instagram is doing really well — it is the second-most internet-penetrated social media platform in the U.S. behind Facebook, and despite increased pressure from competition, we expect it to maintain its second-place position with a good gap from the rest of the platforms,” said Nazmul Islam, junior forecasting analyst at eMarketer."}
{"id": "doc7809", "text": "The owner of The North Face and Timberland is exploring options for nine of its brands."}
{"id": "doc7810", "text": "Apparel giant VF Corp. announced that it is commencing a review of strategic alternatives for the occupational portion of its work segment. VF said that the review is in line with its focus to transform into a more consumer-minded and retail-centric enterprise, with a portfolio of growth-oriented active, outdoor and work brands."}
{"id": "doc7811", "text": "The segment under review consists of primarily nine brands and businesses: Red Kap, VF Solutions, Bulwark, Workrite, Walls, Terra, Kodiak, Work Authority and Horace Small. (It does not include the Dickies and Timberland PRO brands.)"}
{"id": "doc7812", "text": "“Divesting these brands would leave VF with a simplified portfolio of higher-growth, consumer-focused brands, while providing financial flexibility to fuel further strategic initiatives and enhance shareholder value,” said Steve Rendle, VF’s chairman, president and CEO, whose brands include Vans, The North Face, Timberland and Dickies. "}
{"id": "doc7813", "text": "The brands under review outfit millions of workers in the industrial, service and government sectors and are primarily distributed through the business-to-business channel. Together, they represented approximately $865 million of VF’s fiscal 2019 revenue and approximately 50% of VF’s work segment revenue."}
{"id": "doc7814", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. is the latest company to weigh in on the likely impact of the coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc7815", "text": "In its latest update, Ralph Lauren Corp. said that approximately two thirds of its stores in the Chinese mainland have been temporarily closed during the past week and that it expects broader impact across its businesses in China and parts of Asia due to significantly reduced travel and retail traffic. The company said that its fiscal 2020 sales could be hurt by $55 million to $70 million from the outbreak. Operating income in Asia could take a $35 million to $45 million hit. "}
{"id": "doc7816", "text": "Ralph Lauren said that its estimates could change if there is “meaningful deterioration” from current trends. Also, supply chain disruptions in China could impact a small portion of the company’s fourth quarter orders globally."}
{"id": "doc7817", "text": "“Our dedicated teams are operating with agility in a highly dynamic situation, and we will continue to assess the implications for our business across retail, corporate and our supply base,” said Patrice Louvet, president and CEO, Ralph Lauren. “While the health crisis creates near-term uncertainties, the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we continue to see significant long-term opportunities for growth in China and across Asia.”"}
{"id": "doc7818", "text": "Earlier this week, Under Armour said that it expects first-quarter sales declines of $50 million to $60 million, mostly due to the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc7819", "text": "Coach parent Tapestry reported second-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts’ expectations but warned of headwinds in Asia, including the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc7820", "text": "Tapestry also made several C-suite appointments, including the appointment of Liz Fraser as CEO and president of Kate Spade, effective March 1. She will take over control of the struggling brand from Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CFO, who has been leading it in on an interim basis since the departure of Anna Bakst in December 2019. Kate Spade’s same-store sales have fallen each quarter since Tapestry acquired it in 2017."}
{"id": "doc7821", "text": "Fraser joins Tapestry from Lafayette 148, a New York-based, vertically integrated, women’s fashion brand where she has been president since 2018. She joined Lafayette from Anne Klein, where she was CEO, and before that, Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she was president "}
{"id": "doc7822", "text": "Tapestry reported net income of $299 million, with earnings per share of $1.08, for the quarter ended Dec. 28, compared to net income of $255 million with earnings per share of $0.88 in the prior year period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.99 per share."}
{"id": "doc7823", "text": "Net sales rose 1% to $1.82 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.81 billion, compared to $1.80 billion in the prior year. "}
{"id": "doc7824", "text": "By brand, Coach continues to drive Tapestry’s performance as it delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales growth. Coach’s net sales rose 2% to $1.27 billion; global same-store sales increased 2%. Net sales for Kate Spade totaled $430 million compared to $428 million in the prior year; global same-store sales fell 4%. Net sales for Stuart Weitzman totaled $116 million compared to $124 million last year. "}
{"id": "doc7825", "text": "Tapestry said results in the second half of 2020 will be negatively impacted due to the coronavirus outbreak in China."}
{"id": "doc7826", "text": "“At Tapestry, we entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period,” said Tapestry chairman and CEO Jide Zeitlin. “Therefore, we had anticipated maintaining our FY20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong SAR and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak is now significantly impacting our business in China, resulting in the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland.”"}
{"id": "doc7827", "text": "Tapestry said it expects that its second half results could be negatively impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35-$0.45 in earnings per diluted share, given current trends in China. It warned that if the situation further deteriorates, or the outbreak affects demand outside of the country, the impact could be worse. "}
{"id": "doc7828", "text": "“We are confident in our ability to effectively navigate through this period of uncertainty,” said Zeitlin. “We are managing our response to best protect our people, our brands and every aspect of our business. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily reality of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged.”"}
{"id": "doc7829", "text": "In other Tapestry C-suite appointments, Giorgio Sarné, currently president of Tapestry Asia and president and CEO of Coach Asia, will be promoted to CEO and brand president of Stuart Weitzman. In the new role, Sarné will succeed Eraldo Poletto, who will leave the company March 1."}
{"id": "doc7830", "text": "And Yann Bozec, currently president of Tapestry China and president and CEO of Coach China will be promoted to president of Tapestry Asia Pacific. He will remain as president and CEO of Coach China."}
{"id": "doc7831", "text": "PacSun is going bicoastal."}
{"id": "doc7832", "text": "The teen apparel retailer is opening two “landmark stores,” in Los Angeles and New York City respectively. Each location is designed to channel the energy, history and native talent of its locale, while working together to amplify PacSuns core values of a lifestyle brand, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc7833", "text": "The recently opened Los Angeles store has 5,000 sq. ft. of space and references the ongoing renaissance of the city’s downtown. The New York store, an 8,000-sq.-ft. location in an historic SoHo storefront, is slated to open on March 2."}
{"id": "doc7834", "text": "SoHo NY and Downtown LA are epicenters of fashion and art, said chief merchandising officer Brie Olson. We want to honor each citys energy by bringing the best of PacSuns design, exclusive offerings, and creative experiences straight to the source."}
{"id": "doc7835", "text": "Besides selling exclusive PacSun collaborations – including upcoming lines with Playboy and Fear Of God Essentials – the two stores will have a dedicated white space for a revolving flow of pop-up shops, workshops, performances, panels and exhibits that brands and influencers will curate on a bi-monthly basis. Interactive video screens will search and showcase PacSuns many collections. The Los Angeles location also features a dedicated denim room with 40 different denim styles."}
{"id": "doc7836", "text": "Our customers are young and informed,” said Alfred Chang, president, PacSun. Of course, digital connection is critical for our shoppers, but above convenience, PacSun fans crave community, and they use personal style and real-life experiences to help create theirs. We will continue to invest in strategic physical spaces – as well as innovations within the digital space – to provide our customers the forum for that community. Our aim is to bring the best of PacSun and the most exciting global trends and brands together in our landmark stores and digital platforms."}
{"id": "doc7837", "text": "A start-up concept that aims to update the traditional mall ear-piercing experience has opened its second location."}
{"id": "doc7838", "text": "Studs has opened its second store, at The Shops at Hudson Yards, in Manhattan. The company debuted last November, opening an 800-sq.-ft. sleek flagship, accented with neon yellow and silver details, in the city’s downtown Nolita neighborhood. "}
{"id": "doc7839", "text": "The store, which features private rooms for piercing, has proved so popular that piercing appointments are often being booked out two months in advance. Studs uses needles for its piercing as opposed to the piercing guns typical used in mall stores. "}
{"id": "doc7840", "text": "“There’s a lack of brands in the piercing and retail landscape that prioritize healthy needle piercing, offer a trend-driven product assortment and accessible pricing,” said co-founder and CEO Anna Harman when Studs first opened. “By having a singular focus on the ear piercing experience from start to finish, we’re confident that Studs can close the gap and deliver a service not only centered around ear piercing, but optimized for every possible need related to either piercing or jewelry in a way that no other brand is doing today,” "}
{"id": "doc7841", "text": "At 150 sq. ft., the Hudson Yards location takes the key features of the flagship and adapts them to a smaller mall format. It’s located in a space that formerly served as an alcove for vending machines."}
{"id": "doc7842", "text": "The small store offers Studs’ signature ear piercing services, with a flat fee of $35 for one hole ($50 for two), along with a limited selection of jewelry. "}
{"id": "doc7843", "text": "Customers can also shop for jewelry and get after-care information on Studs’ e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc7844", "text": "The new location will allow Studs to test out a micro-retail concept as it continues to expand its retail formats at scale, from additional stores and shop-in-shops to pop-ups and mobile stores, the company said. "}
{"id": "doc7845", "text": "Outdoor Voices continues to expand in brick-and-mortar with the opening of its 10th store."}
{"id": "doc7846", "text": "The fast-growing activewear brand for women (and, more recently, men) has opened a flagship in the Flatiron District of Manhattan. The 1,400-sq.-ft. store is designed to pay homage to Outdoor Voices’ home state of Texas. (The company is based in Austin.). Cacti that are native to Texas (and ethically sourced by the Cactus Store) line the storefront."}
{"id": "doc7847", "text": "The store has a clean, streamlined look. The brand’s top-selling items are displayed in the front of the space. A “discovery zone” in the rear provides a deeper dive into products. Customers can consult with associates on what product is right for them at a service counter located in the middle of the store. The fitting rooms are outfitted with tiles and designed to feel like the changing rooms at a traditional gym or YMCA. Promotional videos of Outdoor Voices’ products in action are shown on a screen."}
{"id": "doc7848", "text": "Similar to Outdoor Voice’s other locations, the Flatiron store will host community events on a weekly basis and showcase a variety of activities, such as “dog jogs.” It also sells grab-and-go snacks from Erewhon, a popular organic Los Angeles market from Los Angeles that sells only ethically and sustainably produced foods. "}
{"id": "doc7849", "text": "Outdoor Voices has more stores coming in 2020 and will be expanding in additional markets similar to Austin, reported WWD."}
{"id": "doc7850", "text": "“The stores have been really important to us,” Outdoor Voices founder Ty Haney said in the report. “It allows up to activate in real life, and locally. The events are what connect the customer to OV.”"}
{"id": "doc7851", "text": "The company, whose tagline is “Doing Things,” was founded online in 2014 as an alternative performance brand for women who wanted to be active but not necessarily compete. A message on its website describes the mission: “We’re freeing fitness from performance and bringing back doing things for fun,” This isn’t about being first or fastest. It’s about showing up often.”"}
{"id": "doc7852", "text": "Outdoor Voices has grown exponentially from a small start-up to a brand that has attracted over $56.5 million in venture funding. In addition to its two New York stores, Outdoor Voices operates brick-and-mortar stores in Washington, D.C.; Austin; Dallas; Los Angeles; San Francisco; Boston; Nashville; and Chicago. An additional store is in the works for Houston, Texas."}
{"id": "doc7853", "text": "Green Growth Brands has delivered on its promise of rapid store expansion."}
{"id": "doc7854", "text": "The cannabis and CBD company, which operates CBD stores under the Seventh Sense banner, is on target to have 200 locations opened by the start of the holiday shopping season. The brand, which currently has some 150 stores across 35 states, opened its first store in February. "}
{"id": "doc7855", "text": "Seventh Sense shops sell a variety of botanical therapy CBD-infused personal care and beauty products, with more than 100 SKUs across bath, body, face, therapeutic, and sleep categories. According to data provided by the company, nearly 20% of the customers in the consumer database have made a repeat purchase and repeat online purchases occur on average every 31 days."}
{"id": "doc7856", "text": "Later this month, Seventh Sense will launch its first national media campaign, heavily focusing on digital and branded media partnerships. "}
{"id": "doc7857", "text": "Earler this year, Green Growth announced a partnership with Brookfield Properties to open more than 70 shops at Brookfield’s shopping centers throughout the United States.  It also has a partnership with Simon to open stores at Simon malls. "}
{"id": "doc7858", "text": "Saks Fifth Avenue’s Manhattan flagship is getting “frozen” this holiday season — inside and out."}
{"id": "doc7859", "text": "The themed holiday windows of the iconic store on Fifth Avenue will be inspired by Disney’s upcoming and highly anticipated Frozen 2 movie. Saks’ collaboration with the entertainment company also includes exclusive products and an in-store experience."}
{"id": "doc7860", "text": "The center six windows of the Fifth Avenue flagship will showcase scenes from the film, with displays depicting Elsa and Annas journey to discover truths about their past while encountering the four spirits of nature. Familiar characters Olaf, Kristoff, and Sven will also appear in the vignettes. "}
{"id": "doc7861", "text": "Inside the store, Saks is offering an “enchanted forest experience” designed to transport visitors to the world of Frozen 2.” Located on the ninth floor, the activation will run from November 26 through December 24. Tickets are $5 each (plus taxes and fees). Saks will donate $5 from the sale of each ticket to New York-Presbyterian Phyllis and David Komansky Childrens Hospital.  "}
{"id": "doc7862", "text": "Saks will debut its holiday windows on Monday, November 25, with a holiday show in the middle of Fifth Avenue. The production will feature Broadway star Idina Menzel (voice of Elsa in “Frozen”) and also include a 10-story-tall theatrical light show and entertainment from a 50-person choir, along with Disney entertainers. The event will be live-streamed on Saks.com/Holiday and Disney.com. The holiday season is an important moment for Saks and gives us an opportunity to stretch our imagination, said Marc Metrick, president of Saks Fifth Avenue. Each year we look for ways to entertain our customers and connect on an emotional level through meaningful experiences. Our collaboration with Disney is the perfect way to capture the joy of this time of year and we look forward to bringing this one-of-a-kind concept to all stores across the country and our digital platforms."}
{"id": "doc7863", "text": "Currently, Frozen 2-inspired fashion, accessories and gift items are available at all U.S. Saks stores and on Saks.com. Exclusive to Saks are Frozen 2 limited-edition Elsa and Anna dolls that are designed by Disney store artists. "}
{"id": "doc7864", "text": "The year 2019 saw the highest number of job cuts in the U.S. in four years even as the nation maintained a low unemployment rate. "}
{"id": "doc7865", "text": "U.S. employers announced plans to cut 592,556 employees from their payrolls in 2019, 10% higher in 2018, according to a report by global outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas. It is the highest annual total since 2015, when 598,510 cuts were announced."}
{"id": "doc7866", "text": "Retail led all sectors in 2019, with 77,475 cuts, 21% lower than in 2018. Of the cuts last year, 48,753 were due to bankruptcies. (Bankruptcies were the cause of 10.5% of all job cuts across all industries last year, the highest since 2005.)"}
{"id": "doc7867", "text": "“The sectors with the highest number of cuts this year were all dealing with trade concerns, emerging technologies and shifts in consumer behavior,” said Andrew Challenger, VP, Challenger, Gray & Christmas. “We tracked a lot of hiring activity in these industries as well.”"}
{"id": "doc7868", "text": "Retailers announced plans to hire 886,515 workers last year, with the majority (789,781) of them being seasonal."}
{"id": "doc7869", "text": "Job cuts announced due to bankruptcy have hit the highest level since 2009."}
{"id": "doc7870", "text": "That’s according to a new analysis of monthly job cut announcements from global outplacement and executive and business coaching firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas."}
{"id": "doc7871", "text": "Through July, companies have announced 42,937 job cuts due to bankruptcy, which is 40% higher than the 30,673 job cuts announced for this reason through July 2018 and 19% higher than the 36,016 bankruptcy cuts announced through all of 2018.  It is the highest seven-month total since 2009 when 50,258 cuts due to bankruptcy were announced, the report said. In fact, it is higher than the annual totals for bankruptcy cuts every year since 2009, when 50,911 were announced for the entire year."}
{"id": "doc7872", "text": "The companies cited by Challenger included  Barney New York Inc., which announced it is closing most of its stores and has filed for bankruptcy protection, and Perkins and Marie Callenders LLC, which filed for bankruptcy protection and will close 19 Marie Callenders and 10 Perkins locations."}
{"id": "doc7873", "text": "Companies attributed bankruptcy to 11.6% of all job cuts announced through July this year. Thats compared to 11.3% of all cuts in the same period in 2018. Since 2007, bankruptcy has accounted for less than 6.32% of all job cuts each year through July prior to 2018 and less than 6% when taking into account data for the full year."}
{"id": "doc7874", "text": "We have seen a number of retailers filing for bankruptcy, closing locations, and cutting workers, and indeed, the majority of bankruptcy cuts occurred in that industry,” said Andrew Challenger, VP of Challenger, Gray & Christmas. “In recent months, however, weve seen bankruptcy filings that led to cuts in manufacturing, transportation, and automotive."}
{"id": "doc7875", "text": "The nation’s largest bridal retailer is focusing its customer service efforts on mobile messaging."}
{"id": "doc7876", "text": "David’s Bridal is debuting Zoey, a new mobile concierge bot. Based on the LiveEngage conversational platform from LivePerson, Zoey enables customers to connect with David’s Bridal by using the Messages app on Apple devices through Apple Business Chat. Within LiveEngage, LivePersons artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities help human agents and bots to provide personalized consumer service at scale."}
{"id": "doc7877", "text": "The retailer is also using the new chat suggestions feature in iOS 13, which offers the option to start a Business Chat conversation when a customer taps to call Davids Bridal customer service. If the user chooses to message instead of call, a conversation with Zoey will open instantly in the Messages app. Apple Business Chat also allows customers to seamlessly pick up conversations where they left off."}
{"id": "doc7878", "text": "Combining automated technology with real people, Zoey aids customers in performing tasks such as booking appointments, texting with stylists to resolve questions or get advice, and place secure orders. David’s Bridal is launching Zoey as mobile messaging has come to represent more than 50% of its total contact center traffic."}
{"id": "doc7879", "text": "According to David’s Bridal, switching from voice calls to messaging has led to increases in customer service and operational efficiency metrics, including:"}
{"id": "doc7880", "text": "•    41% of customers opted to use messaging versus waiting on hold.•    Messaging trended over 60 net promoter score (NPS).•    Achieved 90% first call resolution compared to 73% on voice channel.•    Reduced contact center operating costs by over 30%.•    Shifted 30% of appointment booking phone traffic out of stores, freeing up employees to focus on in-person interactions."}
{"id": "doc7881", "text": "Following the success of introducing the messaging option to our customers, we knew wed hit on something special, said Holly Carroll, VP, customer service & contact center operations at Davids Bridal. In fact, our customers loved the Apple Business chat option so much that, as we saw their feedback roll in, we decided to replace our email address with the option to message and accelerate our rollout of the feature. Introducing Zoey as a personalized concierge experience was the logical next step to help our customers at every stage of their event journey so they can focus on enjoying every moment of their once-in-a-lifetime experiences."}
{"id": "doc7882", "text": "David’s Bridal says it will continue to evolve Zoey over time, including adding the ability to connect customers with partners across the entire event planning ecosystem to provide a one-stop shopping experience. The company operates more than 300 stores located across the U.S., Canada, U.K., and franchise locations in Mexico."}
{"id": "doc7883", "text": "David’s Bridal Inc. has reached a deal with its lenders that takes a big chunk out of its debt."}
{"id": "doc7884", "text": "The bridal and special occasion dress retailer announced that it has received commitments for $55 million of new capital from existing lenders to fund growth investments. In addition, its lenders have agreed to exchange $276 million of David’s debt loans for company stock, which leaves it with a significantly reduced debt outstanding of about $75 million."}
{"id": "doc7885", "text": "David’s Bridal filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in November 2018, challenged with a heavy debt load, increased competition from lower-priced competitors and changing bridal fashions. It emerged https://chainstoreage.com/finance-0/davids-bridal-looks-to-expand-offerings-after-bankruptcy in January, after holding true to its promise that its stores and customers would not be disrupted during the process. It did not close any locations during the restructuring."}
{"id": "doc7886", "text": "With the new capital, the retailer plans to roll out improved marketing and align its e-commerce pricing with the stores, reported Bloomberg. It’s also investing in digital marketing."}
{"id": "doc7887", "text": "“With the tremendous support of our investors and lenders, we are executing a compelling transformation strategy that is centered around our customer,” said Jim Marcum, CEO, David’s Bridal, which operates more than 300 stores across the U.S., Canada and the U.K., along with franchise locations in Mexico. “These transactions will provide us with the financial resources and flexibility necessary to focus on changing the David’s Bridal experience by modernizing our branding and marketing, investing in tools and platforms to support brides during the entire wedding planning process, and enhancing the customer experience in-stores and online.”"}
{"id": "doc7888", "text": "David’s Bridal has a new marketing head."}
{"id": "doc7889", "text": "The bridal and special occasion dress authority appointed Kelly Cook as chief marketing officer. She joined the company on Nov. 4."}
{"id": "doc7890", "text": "Cook joins David’s Bridal from Pier 1 Imports, where she has served as executive VP, marketing, and chief marketing officer since March 2018. Prior to Pier 1, from 2015 to 2018, Cook was in multiple marketing roles at Kmart and Sears including interim acting president, chief digital and marketing officer. From 2009 to 2015, she was at DSW, where she served as chief marketing officer from March 2013 to January 2015."}
{"id": "doc7891", "text": "At Davids Bridal, Cook will have responsibility for the companys marketing, e-commerce, advertising, CRM, communications, creative, events, and strategic partnership divisions. She will serve on the executive leadership team."}
{"id": "doc7892", "text": "Kelly is a true marketing leader, with a strong understanding of the customer, deep technical expertise in digital transformation and IT, and a talent in building brands, said Jim Marcum, CEO of Davids Bridal. Her background is ideally suited to lead the team into our next phase of growth, and were excited about the possibilities ahead. "}
{"id": "doc7893", "text": "Davids Bridal has appointed its first-ever chief digital experience."}
{"id": "doc7894", "text": "The nation’s leading bridal retailer announced the internal promotion of Lizzy Ellingson to chief digital experience officer. In the newly created role, she will lead the digital transformation of David’s Bridal and support the companys omnichannel transformation. Under her leadership, the digital experience team will launch new to market planning tools, AI capabilities, and website optimizations meant to service customers along their entire shopping journey, whether it be for a wedding or other special event, the company said."}
{"id": "doc7895", "text": "Ellingson is the co-founder (and served as chief product and design officer) of Blueprint Registry, a digital registry and website builder focused on creating a personal shopping experience for millennials. Blueprint Registry was acquired by Davids Bridal in 2018.  "}
{"id": "doc7896", "text": "Ellingson will report to chief marketing officer Kelly Cook, who joined David’s Bridal in November, coming from Pier 1 where she held a similar role. "}
{"id": "doc7897", "text": "Im thrilled to join the Davids Bridal marketing team as we move towards making the digital experience more seamless for every customer, Ellingson said. Our goal is to guide and inspire her as she shops for prom, special events, her wedding day, anniversaries, and beyond."}
{"id": "doc7898", "text": "Under Armour is getting a new chief executive come the new year."}
{"id": "doc7899", "text": "In a surprise announcement, the activewear giant announced that Kevin Plank, who founded the company in 1996 while still in college, will step down as CEO. He will be replaced by COO Patrik Frist, effective Jan. 1, 2020. Frisk, who will also join the board, will report to Plank, who will become executive chairman and brand chief, focused on team culture and “product elevation.”"}
{"id": "doc7900", "text": "Plank has served as chairman and CEO of Under Armour since he founded the company, which he took public in 2005. His decision to step down as CEO comes as the brand is working to revitalize its sagging North America business. In September, Stephanie Pugliese, previously CEO of Duluth Trading Company, was appointed president of Under Armour North American. "}
{"id": "doc7901", "text": "“Patrik is the right person to serve as Under Armours next CEO,” said Plank. “As my partner during the most transformative chapter in our history, he has been exceptional in his ability to translate our brands vision into world-class execution by focusing on our long-term strategy and re-engineering our ecosystem through a strategic, operational and cultural transformation. As I envision our future – I look forward to further partnering with Patrik to continue our pursuit of becoming the best athletic brand in the world. I am confident that we are just getting started."}
{"id": "doc7902", "text": "Frisk joined Under Armour in 2017. Prior to that, he was CEO of global footwear and accessories company The Aldo Group. Previous to that, he spent more than a decade with VF Corp. where he held numerous leadership positions, including coalition president of Outdoor Americas (The North Face and Timberland), president of Timberland, president of outdoor & action sports (EMEA), and VP and general manager of The North Face."}
{"id": "doc7903", "text": "I joined Under Armour to be part of an iconic brand that demonstrated the power of sport and premium experience, when properly harnessed, is capable of unlimited possibilities,” said Frisk. “Today, I am even more resolute in this conviction. “The opportunity that lies ahead of us is incredible.”"}
{"id": "doc7904", "text": "Under Armour swung to a loss in its fourth quarter and warned that it expects first-quarter sales declines of $50 million to $60 million, mostly due to the ongoing coronavirus outbreak in China. "}
{"id": "doc7905", "text": "Amid signs that its turnaround plan has hit challenges, the athletic apparel and gear company said it is considering undertaking a restructuring plan to improve profitability. Among other things, the plan could entail not opening Under Armour’s long-anticipated flagship on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan."}
{"id": "doc7906", "text": "Under Armour estimated pretax charges of $325 million to $425 million related to the restructuring. About $225 million to $250 million of the charges are related to not opening the flagship as it seeks out options to sublet. The store was scheduled to open in the former location of FAO Schwarz. "}
{"id": "doc7907", "text": "“The Fifth Avenue location is obviously a premier retail location, but we’re considering whether it may be better suited for someone else at this time,” CFO Dave Bergman told analysts on the company’s quarterly earnings call."}
{"id": "doc7908", "text": "Under Armour reported net losses of $15.3 million, or $0.03 cents per share, for the quarter ended Dec. 31, compared to net income of $4.2 million, or $0.01, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time items, Under Armour earned $0.10 cents a share, in line with expectations. "}
{"id": "doc7909", "text": "Revenue rose to $1.44 billion from $1.39 billion in the year-ago period, missing estimates of $1.47 billion."}
{"id": "doc7910", "text": "Under Armour has struggled with sales in North American, its biggest market, under increased competition from the likes of Nike, Adidas and Lululemon. Industry experts say the brand has suffered by sticking to its emphasis on performance while consumers, especially younger ones, seek out workout apparel with a more fashionable emphasis.  "}
{"id": "doc7911", "text": "In addition, Under Armour has been challenged by discounting of its goods by its retail wholesale partners, which has impacted its profitability. "}
{"id": "doc7912", "text": "“We believe prior promotional activity has impacted the consumers’ willingness to pay full price for our brand to a higher degree than we originally anticipated,” Patrik Frisk, who took the reins as Under Armour CEO from founder Kevin Plank in January, told analysts on the company’s quarterly call."}
{"id": "doc7913", "text": "For the full year, Under Armour reported a 2% decline in sales in North America, and said it expects a mid- to-high-single-digit percentage decline in the region in 2020."}
{"id": "doc7914", "text": "“As a brand, we see a paradox of two challenges in front of us: continued softer demand in North America as we work through our elevated inventory in multiple years of discounting, and a highly committed cost structure which is taking longer to unpack and is limiting us from being able to spend as aggressively as we would like to increase brand consideration,” said Frisk."}
{"id": "doc7915", "text": "Macy’s is easing the process for customers to earn loyalty rewards."}
{"id": "doc7916", "text": "Macy’s has revamped its Star Rewards loyalty program to now allow every member to earn on every purchase, regardless of how they pay. Plus, customers can spend rewards on all products, including top brands. However, rewards cannot be earned on or redeemed for gift cards, services, or fees."}
{"id": "doc7917", "text": "There are two ways for customers to join Star Rewards. Based on annual spend, Macy’s cardholders are automatically enrolled in at one of three levels: silver, gold or platinum. Customers without a Macy’s card can enroll in the bronze level in-store, online or through Macy’s mobile app. "}
{"id": "doc7918", "text": "All Star Rewards members receive special benefits, including “Star Money Bonus Days,” where customers can earn bonus points toward star money that can be spent online or in-store even faster; perks and offers including extra savings and access to exclusive events; and a birthday surprise."}
{"id": "doc7919", "text": "With nearly 30 million members and growing, Macy’s Star Rewards program has been a huge hit, according to Rich Lennox, Macy’s chief customer officer. "}
{"id": "doc7920", "text": "“We hugged our best customers with the relaunch in October 2017 and then expanded it in 2018 to all customers,” he said. We have seen strong results and received positive customer feedback. With this next phase of the program, all customers will earn rewards on everything they buy (except gift cards, services and fees) and can redeem on anything they choose. In the simplest terms, it’s how we love our customers back.”"}
{"id": "doc7921", "text": "To celebrate, Macy’s is giving away 5 million points, with 50 Star Rewards members scoring 100,000 points each – which equals $1,000 in star money. Star Rewards members can enter to win in Macy’s mobile app between Monday, Feb. 10 and Sunday, Feb. 23. In addition, the retailer will host exclusive shopping events at select Macy’s stores on Feb. 15."}
{"id": "doc7922", "text": "Macys operates approximately 640 locations in 43 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam, with plans to close about 125 stores in the next three years."}
{"id": "doc7923", "text": "Macys has transformed the mens floor of its New York City flagship with new brands and curated assortments."}
{"id": "doc7924", "text": "Macy’s is unveiling a major renovation to its main floor men’s destination of its 34th Street flagship in New York’s Herald Square. The reimagined concept features new products and brands, as well as a curated space highlighting trends called “The Park.”"}
{"id": "doc7925", "text": "The 14,500-sq.-ft. main floor space has been updated to appeal to fashion-conscious, urban customers. Along with a more on-trend setting, Macy’s has added such brands as Scotch & Soda and Coach men’s apparel to the mix, and a premium denim zone with J Brand, 7 For All Mankind, Fidelity, and Naked & Famous Denim."}
{"id": "doc7926", "text": "The Park, a 4,500-sq.-ft. hub within the redesigned men’s department, is home to on-trend men’s fashions and accessories from a revolving selection of new brands such as Desigual, Avirex, Paisley & Gray, INC Onyx and more. The assortment, which refreshes every eight to 12 weeks, provides shoppers the opportunity to build outfits from head-to-toe."}
{"id": "doc7927", "text": "“This reimagination sets the bar with our men’s customer,” said Mark Stocker, general business manager of men’s and kids. “We’re transforming his shopping experience, and I’m excited to see the concept rolling out to the remaining flagships with great fashion expressed in every Macy’s.”"}
{"id": "doc7928", "text": "“Macy’s curated assortment inspires our customer to express himself through fashion, while showing him how to effortlessly wear head-to-toe looks,” said Durand Guion, VP of Macy’s fashion office. “We know that he loves to shop according to his style, is drawn to elevated fashion and continues to trust us to offer everything he needs, including the best brands and must-have items to update his wardrobe.”"}
{"id": "doc7929", "text": "The largest retail brand of Macys, Inc., Macy’s runs approximately 640 stores in 43 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam, as well as e-commerce site macys.com. "}
{"id": "doc7930", "text": "Macy’s is closing a store in its hometown."}
{"id": "doc7931", "text": "The department store giant is shuttering its location at Northgate Mall in Cincinnati, reported the Cincinnati Business Courier. Macys confirmed to the Business Courier that it is closing the Northgate store, with a clearance sale beginning this month. The final closing date has not yet been set. In addition to its Northgate Mall location, Macy’s plans to close at least 10 other stores, the report said."}
{"id": "doc7932", "text": "In separate reports, the retailer confirmed it will close the following locations:"}
{"id": "doc7933", "text": "• RiverGate Mall, Goodlettsville, Tenn.;"}
{"id": "doc7934", "text": "• Westfield Meriden Mall, Meriden, Conn.;"}
{"id": "doc7935", "text": "• University Mall, Carbondale, Ill.;"}
{"id": "doc7936", "text": "• Macon Mall, Macon, Ga.; and"}
{"id": "doc7937", "text": "• Ohio Valley Mall, St. Clairsville, Wis."}
{"id": "doc7938", "text": "Macys will share details of its growth strategy and three-year plan when it hosts an Investor Day on Feb. 5, at the New York Stock Exchange. "}
{"id": "doc7939", "text": "The board of Best Buy Co. is investigating allegations that CEO Corrie Barry had an inappropriate romantic relationship with a fellow executive who has since left the retailer."}
{"id": "doc7940", "text": "According to various media reports, the action came after the board received an anonymous letter signed “We are Best Buy” that claimed to represent “a group of employees.”  The letter, dated Dec. 7, was also sent to several news organizations, including the Star Tribune. The letter writers said Barry should resign or the board should fire her.  "}
{"id": "doc7941", "text": "Best Buy has hired an outside counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, to conduct an investigation “that is ongoing,” it said in a statement."}
{"id": "doc7942", "text": "“Best Buy takes allegations of misconduct very seriously,” the company’s statement said. “We encourage the letter’s author to come forward and be part of that confidential process.”"}
{"id": "doc7943", "text": "In a statement, Barry said: “The Board has my full cooperation and support as it undertakes this review, and I look forward to its resolution in the near term.”"}
{"id": "doc7944", "text": "Barry, formerly Best Buy’s chief finance and strategic transformation officer, took the reins as CEO in June 2019, succeeding Hubert Joly, who  transitioned to the newly created position of executive chairman. She is the first woman ever to serve in the top role at Best Buy and one of just seven women to lead a Fortune 500 company."}
{"id": "doc7945", "text": "According to the Star Tribune, the letter said that Barry had a romantic relationship for years with Karl Sanft, whose final position at Best Buy was as a senior VP who oversaw retail store operations in the U.S. He left Best Buy in March and is now the COO of 24 Hour Fitness Worldwide Inc."}
{"id": "doc7946", "text": "The allegations were first reported by the Wall Street Journal. "}
{"id": "doc7947", "text": "Best Buy is entering the holiday selling season with reasons to celebrate."}
{"id": "doc7948", "text": "The nation’s largest electronics retailer said its income increased to $293 million, or $1.10 per share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $277 million, or 99 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings came to $1.13 per share compared with the $1.03 analysts were expecting."}
{"id": "doc7949", "text": "Total revenue increased to $9.76 billion, from $9.59 billion, topping analysts’ estimates of $9.70 billion.   Same-store sales rose 1.7%, more than expected, driven by sales of appliances, headphones, tablets, services and computing.  Domestic comparable online revenue rose 15% to $1.40 billion, primarily due to higher average order values. "}
{"id": "doc7950", "text": "Best Buy has successfully beaten back the challenge once posed to it by Amazon by aggressively expanding its own digital operations, increasing speed of deliveries, launching subscription-based repair and tech support services and enhancing its in-store experience. Looking more long-term, it has made a series of strategic investments in health and wellness technologies. "}
{"id": "doc7951", "text": "“Our teams delivered another strong quarter of top- and bottom-line growth,” said Corie Barry, who took the reins as CEO in June. “We are delivering on our purpose to enrich lives through technology by providing customers the products and solutions they want and need, combined with fast and convenient fulfillment.”"}
{"id": "doc7952", "text": "Barry said the company is excited about its holiday plans. In October, the retailer announced it will offer free next-day delivery in time for the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc7953", "text": "“Customers ordering online will get free next-day delivery on thousands of items all season long with no membership or minimum purchase required,” she noted. “They can also choose to pick up their products in a store within an hour of placing their order.” "}
{"id": "doc7954", "text": "Best Buy raised its annual forecast for adjusted earnings to $5.81 to $5.91 per share from a prior estimate of $5.60 to $5.75 per share. Analysts were expecting Best Buy to earn $5.74 per shares in 2020, excluding items. The company expects enterprise revenue of $43.2 billion to $43.6 billion, up from $43.1 billion to $43.6 billion. "}
{"id": "doc7955", "text": "There’s a new boss at Best Buy."}
{"id": "doc7956", "text": "On June 11, Corie Barry became the fifth CEO in the company’s 53-year history — and the 33rd female CEO in the Fortune 500. Barry, who is also the first woman to lead Best Buy, succeeds Hubert Joly, who is credited with leading the consumer electronics retailer through an impressive turnaround during the the past seven years. As was previously announced, Joly has transitioned to the newly created role of executive chairman and will advise Barry and other executives in an array of areas, including strategy, mergers and acquisitions and other matters."}
{"id": "doc7957", "text": "Barry, a Minnesota native, has been with Best Buy for 20 years, most recently serving as the company’s chief financial and strategic transformation officer. She has been a member of the executive team for the past four years, playing a critical role in developing the company’s growth strategy."}
{"id": "doc7958", "text": "Barry began her career at Best Buy as a senior financial analyst and went on to serve in a variety of roles, both in the field and at the corporate office. She became CFO in 2016 and, before that, served as chief strategic growth officer. She also previously served as senior VP of domestic finance and interim president of Best Buy’s services organization."}
{"id": "doc7959", "text": "“Corie is a wonderful human being and a very human leader who can build connections with a variety of leaders and individuals across the company,” Joly said. “This combination of technical skills and great human leadership capabilities and humanity is something I’ve long admired about Corie and gives me enormous hope in the future.”"}
{"id": "doc7960", "text": "As a member of the executive team, Barry has worked closely with Joly to help set the vision for the future, which is anchored in the company’s purpose to enrich lives through technology."}
{"id": "doc7961", "text": "In other changes related to the leadership transition, Mike Mohan is being promoted to president and COO as part of the leadership transition. He has been with the company since 2004, and he was the company’s chief merchandising officer prior to becoming U.S. COO  last year."}
{"id": "doc7962", "text": "“Continuity is the name of the game here,” Barry said. “We have the leadership team in place. We have a strategy in place that is roundly embraced, both internally and externally. It’s working, it has good momentum.”"}
{"id": "doc7963", "text": "Macy’s Inc. reported earnings and sales that beat analysts’ expectations amid a sales uptick in the days leading up to Christmas."}
{"id": "doc7964", "text": "Net income totaled $340 million, or $1.09 a share, in the quarter ended February 1, down from $740 million, or $2.37 a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted per-share earnings came to $2.12, easily topping Street estimates of $1.96. "}
{"id": "doc7965", "text": "Sales fell to $8.34 billion from $8.455 billion, also ahead of the $8.32 billion analysts had expected. Same-store sales fell 0.6%, slightly less than expected. "}
{"id": "doc7966", "text": "Taken as a whole, 2019 did not play out as we intended for Macys, Inc. CEO Jeff Gennette said in a statement. However, we executed well during the Holiday 2019 season. We were pleased with the significant trend improvement in the fourth quarter, including a meaningful sales uptick in the 10 shopping days before Christmas. "}
{"id": "doc7967", "text": "Gennette added that 2020 will be a transition year as the company makes significant changes to its business. Earlier this month, Macy’s announced a major restructuring https://chainstoreage.com/macys-big-cost-cutting-moves-will-close-125-storest plan, dubbed Polaris, to restore profitability and growth. The plan includes the closing of 125 stores during the next year and a reduction of its corporate workforce.  The retailer also is accelerating its private label development, expanding its off-price Backstage concept to more locations and is testing a smaller-format concept, Market by Macy’s. "}
{"id": "doc7968", "text": "“We have a clear perspective of where Macy’s, Inc. and our brands – Macy’s, Bloomingdales, and Bluemercury – fit into American retail today,” Gennette said. "}
{"id": "doc7969", "text": "In comments, analyst Neil Saunders said that while Macy’s new Polaris strategy seems like a “sensible blueprint,” the chain has suffered by ignoring low-hanging fruit. "}
{"id": "doc7970", "text": "“Too many stores suffer from a lack of basic disciplines – merchandising is terrible and even tasks like dusting fixtures are overlooked,” said Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail. “In essence, Macy’s is still failing on retail 101 and this does not bode well for its prospects in more advanced studies.” For more of his analysis, click here. "}
{"id": "doc7971", "text": "Macy’s is maintaining its guidance for fiscal 2020. It is still expecting adjusted EPS of $2.45 to $2.65 and sales of $23.6 billion to $23.9 billion. Same-store sales are expected to be down 2.5% to down 1.5%."}
{"id": "doc7972", "text": "Macy’s is closing a store in its hometown."}
{"id": "doc7973", "text": "The department store giant is shuttering its location at Northgate Mall in Cincinnati, reported the Cincinnati Business Courier. Macys confirmed to the Business Courier that it is closing the Northgate store, with a clearance sale beginning this month. The final closing date has not yet been set. In addition to its Northgate Mall location, Macy’s plans to close at least 10 other stores, the report said."}
{"id": "doc7974", "text": "In separate reports, the retailer confirmed it will close the following locations:"}
{"id": "doc7975", "text": "• RiverGate Mall, Goodlettsville, Tenn.;"}
{"id": "doc7976", "text": "• Westfield Meriden Mall, Meriden, Conn.;"}
{"id": "doc7977", "text": "• University Mall, Carbondale, Ill.;"}
{"id": "doc7978", "text": "• Macon Mall, Macon, Ga.; and"}
{"id": "doc7979", "text": "• Ohio Valley Mall, St. Clairsville, Wis."}
{"id": "doc7980", "text": "Macys will share details of its growth strategy and three-year plan when it hosts an Investor Day on Feb. 5, at the New York Stock Exchange. "}
{"id": "doc7981", "text": "Macy’s is reportedly closing its technology office in San Francisco on April 1, with at least some layoffs as a result."}
{"id": "doc7982", "text": "According to Business Insider, Macy’s CEO Jeff Gennette informed the more than 1,000 employees at the office, including 880 full-time staffers and roughly 200 contract workers, of the upcoming closure. Operations conducted at the San Francisco office, which include product and digital revenue, Macys.com, and technology, will be moved to existing Macy’s offices in New York City and Atlanta."}
{"id": "doc7983", "text": "A Macy’s spokesperson said some employees will be given the opportunity to transfer to positions in the New York or Atlanta offices, and eligible employees will receive severance pay and outplacement assistance. A notice sent to the state of California indicates 831positions, including senior managers, engineers, and analysts, will be affected by the closure."}
{"id": "doc7984", "text": "Macy’s, which hosts an investor day on Wednesday, Feb. 5, recently confirmed it is closing 29 stores across the country following declines in same-store sales during the third quarter and holiday season 2019. "}
{"id": "doc7985", "text": "Forever 21’s sale to two of the nation’s largest mall operators for the modest sum of $81 million is almost a done deal."}
{"id": "doc7986", "text": "A U.S. bankruptcy court judge indicated he would formally approve the sale of the former high-flying fast-fashion chain to Simon Property Group, Brookfield Property Partners and Authentic Brands once the parties finalized some smaller details that are still being negotiated. The new owners have agreed to pay $81 million in cash and assume certain liabilities, including $53 million in merchandise not yet paid for."}
{"id": "doc7987", "text": "The approval nod came after Forever 21, which filed for bankruptcy in September 2019, did not received any qualified bids beyond its stalking horse one by Simon, Brookfield and Authentic Brands. With no other offers, the retailer cancelled an auction for its business that was scheduled for Feb. 10. "}
{"id": "doc7988", "text": "“Clearly, this is the only bid, and the alternative is liquidation, which is certainly not in anyone’s interest,” said Judge Gross, reported WWD."}
{"id": "doc7989", "text": "The sale brings an end to the founding family’s control of the chain.  Forever 21 was founded in Los Angeles in 1984 by Korean immigrants Do Won Chang and his wife Jin Sook Chang. The Changs, who were eventually joined in the business by their daughters, built the company into a global $4 billion powerhouse. But overexpansion, increased competition and shifting consumer tastes ultimately took a toll on the chain. "}
{"id": "doc7990", "text": "Forever 21 racked up significant debts during bankruptcy, according to the WWD report. It estimates it owes some $120 million in unpaid claims to vendors who provided goods during the bankruptcy, and about $10 million to $15 million in similar administrative claims to non-merchandise vendors."}
{"id": "doc7991", "text": "Attorneys for vendor and exporter groups, who had filed objections in the case, have continued to raise concerns about how vendors would be paid after the sale closes, WWD said. "}
{"id": "doc7992", "text": "Forever 21 is running out of options."}
{"id": "doc7993", "text": "The fast-fashion retailer has asked a bankruptcy court to approve an auction, an option that the chain hopes would keep it alive as a going business. Forever 21 filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September, with a plan to close most of its global locations and up to 178 U.S. stores. The company had a total of 815 stores at the time of the filing."}
{"id": "doc7994", "text": "Forever 21 said it has been engaging in “substantial, round-the-clock negotiations” with an unnamed stalking-horse bidder and asked the court to approve the sale of “substantially all” of its assets, according to Bloomberg. The chain has told suppliers in recent weeks it is short on cash and could be forced to liquidate if a buyer doesn’t emerge, according to report."}
{"id": "doc7995", "text": "In January, Bloomberg reported that Simon Property Group — one of Forever 21’s largest landlords and unsecured creditors — and Authentic Brands Group — which recently acquired the intellectual property of Barneys New York — were considering a bid for Forever 21."}
{"id": "doc7996", "text": "It’s a new day, hopefully, for Forever 21. "}
{"id": "doc7997", "text": "The sale of the bankrupt fast-fashion retailer to brand management and licensing firm Authentic Brands Group, Simon Property Group and Brookfield Property Partners for $81.1 million has been finalized. Under the terms of the deal, ABG and Simon will each own 37.5% and Brookfield will own 25% of Forever 21’s intellectual property and operating businesses.  (The real purchase price of the deal is arguably much higher — around $300 million — when factoring in the liabilities that the buyers had agreed to assume, reported WWD.)"}
{"id": "doc7998", "text": "The new owners will maintain Forever 21’s headquarters in Los Angeles, as well as its e-commerce business. According to a report by Bloomberg, the owners also plan to keep most of the chain’s 448 U.S. stores open under the leadership of a new CEO that will be announced when the company emerges from Chapter 11."}
{"id": "doc7999", "text": "Forever 21 will convert its current, owned-store operations in Central America, South America, Mexico, the Philippines, and the Caribbean to a licensed partnership model. The new owners also plan to work with existing and new partners to expand Forever 21 across key territories, including South America, Western and Eastern Europe, China, Southeast Asia, Middle East, and India."}
{"id": "doc8000", "text": "“Forever 21 is a powerful retail brand with incredible consumer reach and a wealth of untapped potential,” said Jamie Salter, founder, chairman, and CEO of ABG. “We’re looking forward to working with the F21 team and our global partners. Together, we’ll revitalize the brand’s core business and connect with audiences around the world through new product offerings and experiences.”"}
{"id": "doc8001", "text": "ABG, which recently purchased the intellectual assets of Barneys New York, said it will leverage its marketing expertise and global network of partners to inject new life into Forever 21, with an emphasis on trend-conscious design, speed to market, and moving towards a more sustainable supply chain. The strategy will focus on engaging Gen Z audiences by introducing refreshed creative, targeted digital campaigns, and influential collaborations. ABC manages a large portfolio of apparel and fashion brands, ranging from Juicy Couture and Vince Camuto to Jones New York and Nautica."}
{"id": "doc8002", "text": "Forever 21, the retailer that popularized fast-fashion in the U.S., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with a plan to close most of its global locations. "}
{"id": "doc8003", "text": "The filing by the privately held, family-run chain, which operates 815 stores worldwide, was not unexpected as it comes after weeks of speculation. The formerly high-flying Forever 21 has struggled in recent years, challenged by over-expansion, increased competition from discounters such as Target and the rise of online subscription services and rental retail. Online resale (secondhand) sites have also grown in popularity. "}
{"id": "doc8004", "text": "Forever 21 said it has obtained $275 million in financing from its existing lenders with JPMorgan Chase and $75 million in new capital from TPG Sixth Street Partners, as well as affiliated funds, to help it support its operations in bankruptcy. As part of its restructuring strategy, the company plans to exit most of its international locations in Asia and Europe as well as in Canada. It has requested approval to shutter up to 178 U.S. stores and up to 350 in total, the New York Times reported. (The retailer will continue operations in Mexico and Latin America.)"}
{"id": "doc8005", "text": "“This was an important and necessary step to secure the future of our company, which will enable us to reorganize our business and reposition Forever 21,” said Linda Chang, executive VP of Forever 21, which is based in Los Angeles."}
{"id": "doc8006", "text": "In a letter to customers, the retailer stated that the decisions as to which domestic [U.S.] stores will be closing are ongoing, pending the outcome of continued conversations with landlords."}
{"id": "doc8007", "text": "We do however expect a significant number of these stores will remain open and operate as usual, and we do not expect to exit any major markets in the U.S., stated Forever 21."}
{"id": "doc8008", "text": "The company announced it intends to operate in a business as usual manner, honoring all company policies, including gift cards, returns, exchanges, reimbursement and sale purchases. Forever 21 said it will the bankruptcy “to right size its store base and return to basics that allowed the company to thrive and grow into the fast fashion leader.”"}
{"id": "doc8009", "text": "“The financing provided by JPMorgan and TPG Sixth Street Partners will arm Forever 21 with the capital necessary to effect critical changes in the U.S. and abroad to revitalize our brand and fuel our growth, allowing us to meet our ongoing obligations to customers, vendors and employees,” Chang said. “With support from our key landlord and vendor constituents, we are confident we will emerge as a stronger, more competitive enterprise that is better positioned to prosper for years to come, and we remain committed to delivering the fast fashion trends that our customers have come to expect from Forever 21.”"}
{"id": "doc8010", "text": "Amazon is introducing the Amazon Future Engineer Teacher of the Year Awards."}
{"id": "doc8011", "text": "The awards are meant to honor and recognize seven teachers and their schools who work to help students in underserved and underrepresented communities build skills in computer science. Prize packages are valued at more than $25,000. "}
{"id": "doc8012", "text": "The more than 2,400 teachers participating in the Amazon Future Engineer program at over 2,100 schools nationwide can be nominated or apply at AmazonFutureEngineer.com from Feb. 13 to March 12."}
{"id": "doc8013", "text": "Award recipients will be chosen based on a variety of criteria which includes their commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion within computer science education, a recommendation from a school administrator, and compelling, personal anecdotes about their school and students. "}
{"id": "doc8014", "text": "Seven recipients will be chosen from across the country – two high school teachers in the Eastern U.S., two in the West, two in the central region, and one Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant teacher. Scholarship America will judge applications and select the award recipients."}
{"id": "doc8015", "text": "“The more than 2,400 Amazon Future Engineer teachers go the extra mile to bring exciting and life-changing computer science education to their students,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO worldwide consumer, Amazon. “We are proud to be able to support the teachers’ mission and the hundreds of thousands of hard-working students across the country who benefit. With this first round of awards, we are thrilled to recognize and celebrate these teachers as they make it possible for more students from a wide variety of backgrounds to have access to this increasingly important field.”"}
{"id": "doc8016", "text": "Amazon Future Engineer funds introductory and Advanced Placement computer science courses in more than 2,000 high schools serving more than 100,000 students in underserved and underrepresented communities. Amazon’s funding also provides preparatory lessons, tutorials, professional development for teachers, digital curriculum for students, and live online support for both teachers and students. "}
{"id": "doc8017", "text": "All educators and students participating in this program have access to a no-cost membership with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Educate, Amazon’s global initiative to provide students resources for building skills in cloud technology. "}
{"id": "doc8018", "text": "The Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant is currently in more than 150 schools, supporting thousands of students. This program provides a variety of elementary, middle, and high schools with robotics programming, which includes funding to launch First robotics clubs along with teacher professional development, and an additional $10,000 to expand access to computer science education at each school."}
{"id": "doc8019", "text": "All Amazon Future Engineer teachers can apply to the Amazon Future Engineer Teacher of the Year Awards. School principals, administrators, peers, and students can also nominate Amazon Future Engineer teachers to apply. Amazon will notify award recipients later in 2020. "}
{"id": "doc8020", "text": "The schools of award recipients will each receive a prize package, which may include a variety of needed donations to their classrooms, STEM toys and activities, and school upgrades and enhancements. They will also receive an all-expenses paid trip to Amazon’s re:MARS artificial intelligence event."}
{"id": "doc8021", "text": "The wind-down of natural and organic specialty grocer Earth Fare continues."}
{"id": "doc8022", "text": "The grocer has selected A&G Real Estate Partners and Hilco Streamback to market and sell all Earth Fare stores and leases, and its intellectual property, respectively. Earth Fare, which has about 50 stores in 10 states, filed for bankruptcy protection on February 4, 2020, and is currently holding liquidation sales. "}
{"id": "doc8023", "text": "The Earth Fare stores range in size from 17,000 sq. ft. to 38,000 sq. ft. (with an average of about 25,000 sq. ft.) and generally have long lease term available with options. Many are in great shape, with nice interiors and fixtures that are typical of the specialty organic category, according to A&G. "}
{"id": "doc8024", "text": "Interested parties should contact AGREP immediately, as liquidation sales are expected to conclude no later than February 29, 2020, said Emilio Amendola, co-president of A&G Real Estate Partners. We anticipate strong interest among well-capitalized grocers with forward-looking business models. "}
{"id": "doc8025", "text": "Hilco Streambank is conducting the sale of Earth Fares intellectual property assets, including its trademarks, customer data, domain names, social media assets and recipes. "}
{"id": "doc8026", "text": "The brand has a rich history in the health and wellness retail market, and is well known for holding food manufacturers to the highest standards, commented David Peress, executive VP of Hilco Streambank. The Earth Fare brand aligns with the values of todays consumer.”"}
{"id": "doc8027", "text": "Earth Fare is being advised by FTI Consulting, a global advisory firm, as financial advisor and chief restructuring officer."}
{"id": "doc8028", "text": "Fairway Market has filed for bankruptcy for the second time in four years."}
{"id": "doc8029", "text": "The legendary, 87-year-old New York grocer said it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection to complete its strategic sale process. The announcement came just hours after Fairway denied a published report that it planned a complete liquidation via a Chapter 7 bankruptcy filing. "}
{"id": "doc8030", "text": "Fairway said it has entered into a stalking horse asset purchase agreement with Village Super Market to sell up to five New York City Fairway stores and its distribution center for approximately $70 million. Fairway currently operates 14 stores. "}
{"id": "doc8031", "text": "“We appreciate that Fairways loyal customers are concerned about the future, and if we are successful in our bid, we are committed to keeping Fairway, including its name, unique product selection and value, a part of this community, said Robert Sumas, CEO of Village Super Market, which operates supermarkets and specialty markets in the Northeast under the ShopRite and Gourmet Garage banners."}
{"id": "doc8032", "text": "In addition, Fairway will execute a court supervised sale process to continue to negotiate for the sale of its remaining store locations. An ad hoc group of the companys senior lenders have agreed to provide the company with up to $25 million in debtor in possession financing."}
{"id": "doc8033", "text": "After careful consideration of all alternatives, we have concluded that a court-supervised sale process is the best way to meet our objectives of preserving as many jobs as possible, maximizing value for our stakeholders, and positioning Fairway for long term success under new ownership. said Abel Porter, CEO, Fairway Market."}
{"id": "doc8034", "text": "Fairway Market said it continue to conduct business as usual at its stores across the tristate area and expects no interruption in service during the court-supervised process. "}
{"id": "doc8035", "text": "Fairway previously filed for Chapter 11 in 2016, three years after its IPO."}
{"id": "doc8036", "text": "It looks like Sprouts Farmers Market’s value proposition and business model are helping the grocer avoid the fate of bankrupt specialty competitors -- at least for now."}
{"id": "doc8037", "text": "The Phoenix-based natural foods chain not only exceeded its fourth-quarter guidance, but it also named a blockbuster new board member whos poised to help the retailer take the next step in its evolution as a highly differentiated natural grocer."}
{"id": "doc8038", "text": "Doug Rauch, the legendary grocery veteran who shepherded Trader Joe’s stores to cult status across the world, is joining the Sprouts board of directors, effective Feb. 25."}
{"id": "doc8039", "text": "“We are thrilled to add Doug to our board of directors,” said Sprouts CEO Jack Sinclair. “Doug is a seasoned grocery veteran whose decades of experience at one of the most well-regarded retailers in the industry will be invaluable to our company as we continue to develop our long-term strategy.”"}
{"id": "doc8040", "text": "Rauch spent 31 years with Trader Joe’s, including 14 years as a president. He was instrumental in the growth of that chain from nine stores in California to a national chain, as well as the development of its prized buying philosophy and the creation of its unique private label food program. Rauch joins new board member Joel Anderson, CEO of Five Below, and new CFO Denise Paulonis, all recent additions to the company."}
{"id": "doc8041", "text": "“Sprouts shares my beliefs of making healthy living affordable to everyday grocery shoppers and conducting its business in a way that is also good for the planet, and I look forward to working with the board and management team to help guide the company’s path forward,” Rauch said."}
{"id": "doc8042", "text": "Making healthy living affordable to everyday grocery shoppers is exactly what Sinclair believes is keeping Sprouts on a path to long-term profitability and sustained sales growth. During a fourth-quarter earnings call late Thursday, Sinclair said that his companys value proposition is what differentiates Sprouts from natural food players such as Luckys Market and Earth Fare, which have both gone bankrupt in the past month."}
{"id": "doc8043", "text": "We are aware of whats going on in the marketplace, but were creating a lot of differentiation with the type of products we are putting in. Our fresh produce operation is better than most and will stay better than most. Our bulk operation is pretty unique; our vitamin operation is pretty unique. And our grocery is differentiated because the products that were selling are totally different to what you can find in conventional or mass-market competitors. Also, we have a strong cash-generative business with a strong balance sheet, which I think contrasts a little bit with some of the more direct competitors in this space. And they didnt really have the scale that we have, Sinclair noted."}
{"id": "doc8044", "text": "He added that Sprouts is also taking transformative steps toward sustained profitability such as building smaller stores that cost less to operate, expanding private label, and paring down promotions and assortments to drive long-term growth for the company."}
{"id": "doc8045", "text": "Now, apparently, those steps also include paring down the grocers prepared foods and dairy offerings."}
{"id": "doc8046", "text": "I think some things we probably have learned from one or two of those [bankrupt] competitors is, if you spend too much money and too much capital and invest too much in labor in certain categories, and particularly in dairy and prepared foods, you can put yourself in a place where its very difficult to make the returns that youd want to make. And thats something that we will be reversing and have been working on the past few months, Sinclair said."}
{"id": "doc8047", "text": "Sinclair also said Sprouts intends to keep expanding; the company plans to open 20 new stores this year. Thats down from 22 new stores opened in 2019. And the company hinted at where it plans to expand next (coincidentally, the same places where a lot of Luckys and Earth Fare stores are located)."}
{"id": "doc8048", "text": "Both Georgia and Florida performed better during the fourth quarter, Sinclair said. Weve got 16 stores in Georgia, and 15 in Florida. Both of those markets represent significant opportunities going forward to us."}
{"id": "doc8049", "text": "Sinclair also mentioned expansion opportunities in the mid-Atlantic, Southern California and parts of the Southwest."}
{"id": "doc8050", "text": "But possibly the most interesting nugget Sinclair provided during the earnings call was a comment about the retailers strategic shift to a treasure hunt approach."}
{"id": "doc8051", "text": "Over the last several months, we challenged ourselves to make key fundamental shifts in how we run our business. We refined and balanced our promotional strategies to target our core customer and eliminate inefficient promotions. We focused our promotional activity by responding to opportunities in the marketplace rather than reacting to promotional pricing elsewhere, resulting in improved cost of merchandise. We focused on display and presentation of items that differentiate us in the marketplace and provide uniqueness to the customer, Sinclair said. All these changes have created a platform from which we can build our brand to be known as a treasure hunt for healthy eating across this country."}
{"id": "doc8052", "text": "For the fourth quarter ended Dec. 29, Sprouts beat its guidance on net sales by posting $1.4 billion in revenue, an 8% increase from the same period in 2018. It also beat guidance on same-store sales, which grew 1.5%; the grocer posted two-year same-store sales growth of 3.8%. The company reported a fourth-quarter profit of $31.6 million. On a per-share basis, the grocer said that it had net income of 27 cents. The results beat Wall Street expectations. Net income was $32 million, compared with $13 million and adjusted net income of $24 million from the same period in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc8053", "text": "For fiscal 2019, the company reported profit of $149.6 million, or $1.25 per share. Revenue was reported as $5.63 billion. "}
{"id": "doc8054", "text": "Sprouts expects full-year earnings to be $1.17 to $1.23 per share."}
{"id": "doc8055", "text": "The companys shares have dropped 17% since the beginning of the year. In the final minutes of trading on Thursday, Feb. 20, shares hit $16.05, a decline of 34% in the last 12 months."}
{"id": "doc8056", "text": "The retail landscape remains fluid and we continue to evolve how we connect with our customers, Sinclair said. I remain confident in the teams ability to focus on creating a more efficient business while implementing a strategic plan to position us for long-term profitable growth."}
{"id": "doc8057", "text": "This article originally appeared on progressivegrocer.com."}
{"id": "doc8058", "text": "Green Growth Brands continues to infiltrate the nation’s shopping malls."}
{"id": "doc8059", "text": "The cannabis and CBD brand announced it will open more than 70 shops selling personal care and beauty products infused with CBD oil at Brookfield Properties’ shopping centers throughout the United States. The plans will expand GGB’s physical footprint to approximately 280 total locations by the end of 2019, according to the company."}
{"id": "doc8060", "text": "In February, Green Growth announced it was partnering with Simon Property Group to open 108 stores selling CBD products at Simon’s U.S. centers.  The company also has an agreement to sell its products at DSW store locations."}
{"id": "doc8061", "text": "In addition to opening stores under the Seventh Sense banner, Green Growth is expanding its portfolio with a new prestige brand called Green Lily, described as a “mindful-luxe CBD brand dedicated to empowering women.” Four Green Lily locations will open in the near future at Brookfield shopping centers."}
{"id": "doc8062", "text": "“Brookfield Properties operates some of the most exciting and visited malls in the country, and we are thrilled to introduce our CBD shops to their centers,” said Peter Horvath, CEO of Green Growth Brands, Columbus, Ohio. “We know that consumers prefer to buy personal care and beauty products from physical stores, and this partnership will allow us access to millions of consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc8063", "text": "Brookfield Properties’ portfolio includes more than 160 retail real estate assets. Currently, there are seven GGB shops within the Brookfield portfolio."}
{"id": "doc8064", "text": "“Curation of our shopping centers is fundamental to our ongoing evolution,” said Sandeep Mathrani, CEO of Brookfield Properties’ retail group and vice chairman of Brookfield Property Group. “It is our job to bring in retail offerings and experiences that today’s consumer desires and this includes GGB’s CBD products. GGB is at the forefront of this trend and we are pleased they will expand their reach within our portfolio.”"}
{"id": "doc8065", "text": "CBD, a non-psychoactive cannabinoid found in cannabis, has had a surge in popularity over the past couple of years.  The market for products infused with CBD  is booming and has the potential to become a $22 billion business by 2022, according to  research firm Brightfield Group."}
{"id": "doc8066", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods keeps expanding its footprint."}
{"id": "doc8067", "text": "The sporting goods retailer is opening four stores in March. The openings include two namesake stores, at Hamilton Place Mall in Chattanooga, Tenn., and at Valley Mall in Hagerstown. Md."}
{"id": "doc8068", "text": "In addition, the company is opening a Golf Galaxy store at Swedesford Plaza in Berwyn, Pa., and at Warwick Mall in Warwick, R.I."}
{"id": "doc8069", "text": "Following the openings, Dick’s will have a total of 727 namesake stores and 96 Golf Galaxy locations in 47 states."}
{"id": "doc8070", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc8071", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc8072", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc8073", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc8074", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc8075", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc8076", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc8077", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc8078", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc8079", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc8080", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc8081", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc8082", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc8083", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc8084", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc8085", "text": "Dollar General Corp. has expanded its national footprint to 45 states."}
{"id": "doc8086", "text": "The discounter has opened a store in Pine Bluffs, Wyoming, its first in the state. In September 2019, Dollar General announced plans to expand its presence into Washington and Wyoming. Grand opening celebrations for stores in Washington are currently scheduled for early spring 2020."}
{"id": "doc8087", "text": "In December, the retailer announced that it plans to open 1,000 stores in 2020. The company operated 16,094 stores in 44 states as of November 1, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc8088", "text": "Price is important, but something else is also a critical differentiator for brick-and-mortar retailers."}
{"id": "doc8089", "text": "According to the “State of Consumer Behavior Report 2020” from digital signage and in-store solutions provider Raydiant, 69% of respondents said a good in-store experience is either important or very important to them. More than six in 10 (62%) find store associates helpful."}
{"id": "doc8090", "text": "While 57% of respondents said they would shop more at physical locations for exclusive discounts not available online, 23% said they would shop more if stores provided unique experiences. The omnichannel experience is also critical, especially regarding price comparisons. More than 68% of respondents had searched for a better price online after finding a product at a physical store."}
{"id": "doc8091", "text": "Other key findings include:•    Of respondents aged 18 to 34, 55% prefer to shop online, while 57.5% of those over 35 prefer to shop at physical locations."}
{"id": "doc8092", "text": "•    People who prefer to shop at physical locations name the ability to see and touch products as their primary differentiator (40%), followed closely by an enjoyable shopping experience (38%)."}
{"id": "doc8093", "text": "•    For men, the shopping experience (44%) is more important than the ability to see and touch products (23%). Women feel differently, with 46% prioritizing the physical presence of products and 35% preferring the experience."}
{"id": "doc8094", "text": "•    People of all ages who prefer shopping online name convenience as their primary motivator. For young people, access to discount codes came second at 23%, while older shoppers enjoy the ease of price comparison (11%) and transaction speed (11%)."}
{"id": "doc8095", "text": "The findings confirm our belief that brick and mortar is not dying, its simply evolving and that the retailers who are focused on creating true in-store experiences are positioned to thrive as the retail landscape continues to evolve, said Bobby Marhamat, CEO of Raydiant."}
{"id": "doc8096", "text": "The report surveyed 1,000 U.S. consumers in January 2020."}
{"id": "doc8097", "text": "The holiday season brought no cheer to GameStop."}
{"id": "doc8098", "text": "The beleaguered retailer reported that its total global sales plunged 27.5% to $1.83 billion for the nine-week holiday period ended January 4, 2020. Same-store sales fell 24.7%. GameStop said its holiday results were indicative of overall industry trends impacting the video game industry and driven by an accelerated decline in new hardware and software sales, particularly in the month of December"}
{"id": "doc8099", "text": "“The accelerated decline in new hardware and software sales coming out of black Friday and throughout the month of December was well below our expectations, reflective of overall industry trends,” said George Sherman, CEO, GameStop. “On a positive note, we continued to see growth in the Nintendo Switch platform, which supports our view that sales will strengthen as new consoles and innovative technology are introduced.” "}
{"id": "doc8100", "text": "Given the deceleration in sales trends, particularly in December, GameStop said it now expect fiscal 2019 earnings to be below guidance. Comparable store sales are now expected to decline in the range of 19% to 21% for fiscal 2019. The company, while not updating earnings per share guidance at this time, now expects an adjusted net loss for the fiscal year, with adjusted earnings per diluted share impacted by the further deceleration in sales in December. "}
{"id": "doc8101", "text": "“While we expect the challenges that we faced in the fourth quarter to continue into fiscal 2020, we believe we have the right long-term action plans in place to optimize profitability and increase new revenue streams in advance of new console introductions for holiday 2020,” Sherman said. "}
{"id": "doc8102", "text": "Winners of a product search held by two multiplatform video retailers are starting to launch sales."}
{"id": "doc8103", "text": "QVC and Home Shopping Network (HSN) conducted “The Big Find,” a nationwide search for innovative products in beauty, fashion, accessories, and jewelry, during 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, 38 of more than 70 total new brands are launching on QVC or HSN, including 21 beauty brands (such as Act & Acre, Mented Cosmetics, ALKAGLAM, and Follain), seven jewelry brands (such as Valencia Key Jewelry and Taudrey), seven accessories brands (such as Have Some Fun Today), and several other brands."}
{"id": "doc8104", "text": "The products will be sold via the retailers broadcasts, websites, apps, and social media pages. All of the winning brands will introduce their goods on the QVC and HSN platforms by the end of 2020."}
{"id": "doc8105", "text": "As the pioneers of video commerce and brand storytelling, weve launched or nurtured some of the nations most successful entrepreneurial brands, such as IT Cosmetics, TATCHA, Juniors Cheesecake, Korres, and others, said Mary Campbell, chief merchandising officer, Qurate Retail Group, and chief commerce officer, QVC U.S. By supporting entrepreneurs, we continue to bring customers innovative new brands, often with a high degree of exclusivity. Were constantly on the hunt for promising entrepreneurs with compelling products."}
{"id": "doc8106", "text": "The Big Find opened online in June 2019 and attracted more than 650 entries, representing 43 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and 12 other countries including South Africa, Australia, Singapore, South Korea, India, and Monaco. In August, more than 270 semi-finalists met QVC and HSN buyers at day-long pitching sessions held in several locations. Each entrepreneur had 10 minutes to explain why their product should be offered on QVC or HSN. Judges considered the product as well as the story behind the brand and how each brand and product could be promoted through live storytelling across multiple customer touchpoints."}
{"id": "doc8107", "text": "Over the years, QVC and HSN have conducted multiple on-the-road tours and online searches to curate products – and these efforts are ongoing. QVC and HSN are business units of parent company Qurate Retail Group. "}
{"id": "doc8108", "text": "J.C. Penney wasn’t able to stem the tide of declining same-store sales at department stores during the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc8109", "text": "The retailer reported that its same-store sales for the nine weeks ending Jan. 4, 2020 fell 7.5%. Adjusted comparable store sales, which exclude the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories, decreased 5.3%."}
{"id": "doc8110", "text": "Penney’s announcement came the same day that Kohl’s reported a 0.2% decline in holiday comparable sales and the day after Macy’s Inc. announced that its holiday same-store sales declined 0.6%, which was not as bad as analysts had forecast. "}
{"id": "doc8111", "text": "Despite the drop, Penney maintained its guidance for the full year, including a same-store sales decline in the range of 7% to 8%. Adjusted comparable store sales are expected to fall 5% to 6%."}
{"id": "doc8112", "text": "Penney will report its fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 results on Feb. 27, 2020."}
{"id": "doc8113", "text": "J.C. Penney put a positive spin on another tough quarter and even boosted its full-year profit outlook."}
{"id": "doc8114", "text": "The embattled department store chain reported that its net loss narrowed to $93 million, or 29 cents per share, in the quarter ended Nov. 3, from $151 million, or 48 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time charges, Penney lost 30 cents a share, which was less than the loss of 55 cents a share that analysts had expected.  "}
{"id": "doc8115", "text": "Sales fell 10.1% to $2.38 billion, missing expectations for $2.51 billion. "}
{"id": "doc8116", "text": "Same-store sales fell 9.3%. Adjusted same-store sales, excluding the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories online and at Penney stores, were down 6.6%, better than an expected drop of 7.7%."}
{"id": "doc8117", "text": "In a statement, Jill Soltau, who took the reins as Penney CEO about a year ago, said the chain made “significant progress on our efforts to return J.C. Penney to sustainable, profitable growth” during the quarter."}
{"id": "doc8118", "text": "“We are beginning to see results – both in our numbers and how we operate as a business – from the early implementation of our Plan for Renewal, which is focused on driving traffic, offering compelling merchandise, providing an engaging experience, fueling growth, and building a results-minded culture,” she said."}
{"id": "doc8119", "text": "Penney recently unveiled a new store concept, in Hurst, Texas, that offers a more modern and experiential shopping experience, complete with a fitness studio, a barber and café. A more streamlined layout makes the store easier and more convenient to shop."}
{"id": "doc8120", "text": "“Everything from the logo to the layout has been revamped and the result is a modern shopping experience that is both inspiring and engaging,” commented Neil Saunders, managing director, GlobalData Retail. "}
{"id": "doc8121", "text": "But he noted that the new concept is such a radical departure from the JC Penney of old, that rolling it out across the chain would be “incredibly expensive.”"}
{"id": "doc8122", "text": "“We doubt that J.C. Penney has the financial muscle or capital to embark on such an ambitious program,” he said. (For more commentary, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc8123", "text": "Penney raised its expectation for adjusted earnings to now exceed $475 million for full-year fiscal 2019, up from its previous range of $440 million to $475 million. It still expects same-store sales to be down 7% to 8%."}
{"id": "doc8124", "text": "J.C. Penney Co. is taking a page out of Walmart’s and Target’s playbooks."}
{"id": "doc8125", "text": "The struggling department store retailer is offering a curbside pickup option known as “Style on the Go” at 50 locations across the U.S. Penney piloted the service in November 2019 at its totally revamped and reimagined store in the Hurst, Texas, a Dallas suburb. Following positive customer response, Penney’s decided to expand curbside pickup further. "}
{"id": "doc8126", "text": "To utilize the service, customers at participating Penney’s stores can select “free same-day pickup” or “ship to store” while viewing their digital cart before proceeding to checkout. When picking up their order, customers pull up to a reserved parking spot and call or send a text to the number posted on the reserved parking sign and provide their parking spot number and order number. A store associate then brings the order out to the customer’s car."}
{"id": "doc8127", "text": "According to Penney’s, curbside pickup is part of its “Plan for Renewal,” a corporate strategy focusing on driving traffic, offering compelling merchandise, and providing engaging customer experiences that make shopping easy."}
{"id": "doc8128", "text": "“Style on the Go curbside pickup is all about our customers and how they want to shop,” said Jim DePaul, executive VP of stores, J.C. Penney Co. “As we continue to put our customers at the heart of everything we do, we continue to create engaging experiences across all touchpoints. Whether they’re shopping online at our flagship store, jcp.com, or through our app, we’re helping our customers live life their way through this convenient service We continue to make shopping at our stores even more convenient as we adapt to our customers’ needs so they can shop when, where, and how they want.”"}
{"id": "doc8129", "text": "The service will be available in several markets across the U.S, including locations in California, Florida, Kentucky, Missouri, New York, Ohio, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, and West Virginia."}
{"id": "doc8130", "text": "J.C. Penney operates approximately 850 stores across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. "}
{"id": "doc8131", "text": "J.C. Penney has appointed a dedicated digital officer."}
{"id": "doc8132", "text": "The retailer named Karl Walsh as senior VP, chief digital officer. Walsh, who joined Penny on Dec. 2, is charged with leading strategic advancements of the company’s digital platforms and bringing the customer experience to life on its e-commerce site. He will report to Shawn Gensch, executive VP, and chief customer officer."}
{"id": "doc8133", "text": "Most recently, Walsh was chief digital officer at Pandora Jewelry, where he grew its global e-commerce business and increased cross-channel consumer engagement. Previously, he led the U.S. consumer e-commerce and digital practice for Boston Consulting Group and served clients in the consumer and retail practices at McKinsey & Company. "}
{"id": "doc8134", "text": "Walsh is one of about a dozen new executives that have joined Penney this year under the watch of Jill Soltau, who took the helm of the chain in October 2018. "}
{"id": "doc8135", "text": "“We are thrilled to welcome Karl to J.C. Penney as we drive the renewal of our company and showcase our brand strategy through exceptional, seamless experiences for our customers,” said Gensch. “Nearly 90 percent of shoppers begin their path to purchase online, so Karl’s background of building and executing digital strategies for global brands will help us improve our e-commerce offering and drive traffic across all channels.”"}
{"id": "doc8136", "text": "Another off-price retailer has posted strong results for its third quarter."}
{"id": "doc8137", "text": "Ross Stores reported that its net earnings grew to $371 million, or $1.03 per share, in the quarter ended Nov. 2, up from $338 million and earnings per share of $0.91 in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of $0.98.  Third-quarter sales rose 8% to $3.8 billion. Same-store sales rose 5%, easily topping Street expectations, on top of last year’s gain of 3%."}
{"id": "doc8138", "text": "Ross reported its results just days after another off-price retailer, The TJX Cos., posted robust numbers. "}
{"id": "doc8139", "text": "“We are pleased that our third-quarter results were ahead of expectations,” said Barbara Rentler, CEO. “Operating margin of 12.4% was also above-plan mainly due to better than expected sales and merchandise margin.”"}
{"id": "doc8140", "text": "Rentler sounded a cautious note about holiday sales, noting the chain was up against multiple years of strong comparable store sales gains. "}
{"id": "doc8141", "text": "“In addition, we expect another fiercely competitive retail landscape, along with ongoing uncertainty surrounding the macro-economic and political environment,” she said. “As such, while we hope to do better, we continue to project fourth quarter comparable store sales gains of 1% to 2% versus a 4% increase last year.”"}
{"id": "doc8142", "text": "The retailer also continues to expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25, which now includes a one-time, non-cash benefit of $.02 per share, primarily due to the favorable resolution of a tax matter, offset by slightly higher pre-tax expenses. "}
{"id": "doc8143", "text": "“Based on our year-to-date results, and our updated fourth quarter guidance, we are now planning earnings per share for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $4.52 to $4.57, up from $4.26 in fiscal 2018,” Rentler said."}
{"id": "doc8144", "text": "Ross operates 1,550 Ross Dress for Less stores in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 260 dd’s Discounts locations in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc8145", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets has opened its first-ever location in New York City."}
{"id": "doc8146", "text": "The Rochester, N.Y.-based, family-owned grocer with a dedicated following opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn – formerly the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The store has a European open-air market look and feel and features nearly 50,000 items, more than 2,000 of which are organic. A total of about 540 employees were hired for the site."}
{"id": "doc8147", "text": "The extensive food service are prepared by a culinary staff of 157 and include everything from fresh sushi, authentic Italian pizza, and  burgers, to made-to-order salads and hot soup. The food bars are mix and match, with hot and cold self-serve stations featuring entrees and sides, international cuisine, homestyle and vegetarian options – all available for takeout or in-store dining. "}
{"id": "doc8148", "text": "The space includes a second-floor mezzanine with a café serving food. The café has space for nearly 100 and includes a bar serving wine, beer, cocktails and snacks."}
{"id": "doc8149", "text": "Brooklyn is Wegmans’  47th location in New York State, with another one upcoming in Westchester County, in the town of Harrison. The company operates a total of 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc8150", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets continues to expand its reach."}
{"id": "doc8151", "text": "The family-owned grocer will enter it seventh state — North Carolina— on September 29, with the opening of a 104,000-sq.-ft. supermarket at the Midtown East Shopping Center in Raleigh. It will be Wegmans 100th store. (The company has plans for five additional stores in the Raleigh-Durham area.)"}
{"id": "doc8152", "text": "On Oct. 27, Wegmans will open its first store in New York City, a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn. The site is the former home of the Brooklyn Navy Yard."}
{"id": "doc8153", "text": "Currently, Wegmans operates 99 stores across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. "}
{"id": "doc8154", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets continues to expand its reach."}
{"id": "doc8155", "text": "The family-owned grocer will enter it seventh state — North Carolina— on September 29, with the opening of a 104,000-sq.-ft. supermarket at the Midtown East Shopping Center in Raleigh. It will be Wegmans 100th store. (The company has plans for five additional stores in the Raleigh-Durham area.)"}
{"id": "doc8156", "text": "On Oct. 27, Wegmans will open its first store in New York City, a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn. The site is the former home of the Brooklyn Navy Yard."}
{"id": "doc8157", "text": "Currently, Wegmans operates 99 stores across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. "}
{"id": "doc8158", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets continues to expand its reach."}
{"id": "doc8159", "text": "The family-owned grocer will enter it seventh state — North Carolina— on September 29, with the opening of a 104,000-sq.-ft. supermarket at the Midtown East Shopping Center in Raleigh. It will be Wegmans 100th store. (The company has plans for five additional stores in the Raleigh-Durham area.)"}
{"id": "doc8160", "text": "On Oct. 27, Wegmans will open its first store in New York City, a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn. The site is the former home of the Brooklyn Navy Yard."}
{"id": "doc8161", "text": "Currently, Wegmans operates 99 stores across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. "}
{"id": "doc8162", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets is using sustainable packaging for select meat products."}
{"id": "doc8163", "text": "Wegmans is partnering with reusable packaging and supply chain solutions provider Tosca to ship case-ready meat products in reusable plastic containers (RPCs). This packaging change is designed to remove more than 1 million pounds of corrugated cardboard from the supply stream. "}
{"id": "doc8164", "text": "In addition, RPCs allow for higher stacking and improved cube utilization, resulting in more product per pallet and truck, with fewer trucks on the road. As part of a broader commitment to sustainability, Wegmans is focused on reducing waste and identifying more sustainable packaging alternatives. "}
{"id": "doc8165", "text": "We need to ensure packaging is functional and performs as expected, but we also want it to be environmentally responsible, said Jason Wadsworth, Wegmans category merchant, packaging and sustainability. Switching to RPCs help us reach our sustainability goals by eliminating a significant amount of packaging waste."}
{"id": "doc8166", "text": "Tosca is dedicated to helping retailers optimize their supply chain but decreasing costs is only one piece of the puzzle for retailers that have aggressive sustainability goals, said Eric Frank, president and CEO of Tosca. Thats why were excited to partner with Wegmans—not only will we help them reach their sustainable packaging goals, but well also help them lower transportation costs, reduce shrink, and improve product quality at the same time."}
{"id": "doc8167", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets has opened its first-ever location in New York City."}
{"id": "doc8168", "text": "The Rochester, N.Y.-based, family-owned grocer with a dedicated following opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn – formerly the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The store has a European open-air market look and feel and features nearly 50,000 items, more than 2,000 of which are organic. A total of about 540 employees were hired for the site."}
{"id": "doc8169", "text": "The extensive food service are prepared by a culinary staff of 157 and include everything from fresh sushi, authentic Italian pizza, and  burgers, to made-to-order salads and hot soup. The food bars are mix and match, with hot and cold self-serve stations featuring entrees and sides, international cuisine, homestyle and vegetarian options – all available for takeout or in-store dining. "}
{"id": "doc8170", "text": "The space includes a second-floor mezzanine with a café serving food. The café has space for nearly 100 and includes a bar serving wine, beer, cocktails and snacks."}
{"id": "doc8171", "text": "Brooklyn is Wegmans’  47th location in New York State, with another one upcoming in Westchester County, in the town of Harrison. The company operates a total of 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc8172", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets continues to expand its reach."}
{"id": "doc8173", "text": "The family-owned grocer will enter it seventh state — North Carolina— on September 29, with the opening of a 104,000-sq.-ft. supermarket at the Midtown East Shopping Center in Raleigh. It will be Wegmans 100th store. (The company has plans for five additional stores in the Raleigh-Durham area.)"}
{"id": "doc8174", "text": "On Oct. 27, Wegmans will open its first store in New York City, a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn. The site is the former home of the Brooklyn Navy Yard."}
{"id": "doc8175", "text": "Currently, Wegmans operates 99 stores across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. "}
{"id": "doc8176", "text": "A vertical furniture retailer is envisioning augmented and virtual reality-enhanced customer experiences."}
{"id": "doc8177", "text": "La-Z-Boy is offering several 3D augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) tools to customers, sales associates, and designers. The retailer is supporting these applications on the Marxent 3D cloud platform. "}
{"id": "doc8178", "text": "Customer-facing initiatives include a 360-degree product viewer with 3D product configurator, which allows consumers to virtually customize and explore products with 360-degree product spins. Shoppers visit the product page of the chair style that they prefer, then add or change upholstery selections and details in real time. They can add the final configured product to their cart."}
{"id": "doc8179", "text": "Reusing the same 3D assets as the 360-degree product viewer and configurator, La-Z-Boy has also worked with Marxent to deploy 3D room planner solutions for consumers on the web for home use, and on iPads for store associates and interior designers. La-Z-Boy designers use these applications to develop and deliver interior design concepts to clients. "}
{"id": "doc8180", "text": "The retailer has also begun installing a VR solution that enables store associates and designers to link 3D rooms designed on the iPad to a VR headset with the touch of a button, giving customers the opportunity to virtually walk around and experience their space. And launched in 2019, the La-Z-Boy AR app, available for iOS devices, allows customers to preview a wide variety of La-Z-Boy furniture in AR. Users can see exactly how their new furniture will fit in their home, and can save images for texting, email or social media posting. "}
{"id": "doc8181", "text": "“La-Z-Boy is famous for innovative product design and an unmatched furniture buying experience,” said Eli Winkler, chief marketing officer for La-Z-Boy. “It is our firm belief that the customer should get exactly what they envision. 3D visualization applications have become essential to delivering on that promise. 3D is woven throughout the La-Z-Boy customer experience, both online and in-store. When we saw that 3D was becoming central to our customer experience, we knew it made sense to build all of our 3D experiences off of a single platform.”"}
{"id": "doc8182", "text": "A number of retailers are using VR and AR technology solutions to digitally bring home furnishings products to life and provide realistic simulations of how furniture items would look in a customer’s personal space. Examples launched in 2019 include Bob’s Discount Furniture, Amazon, and Ikea."}
{"id": "doc8183", "text": "Headquartered in Monroe, Mich., La- Z- Boy operates over 900 stores across the U.S. and is a division of residential furniture producer La-Z-Boy Inc. "}
{"id": "doc8184", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8185", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8186", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8187", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8188", "text": "With increased traffic and sales, the holidays also bring retailers heightened risk of cyberattack."}
{"id": "doc8189", "text": "Chain Store Age recently discussed the most pressing security threats facing retailers during the 2019 holiday season and beyond with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a senior computer scientist on the Cyber Task Force at the FBI Seattle field office, shared insight on the latest cybercrime techniques retailers must defend themselves against as peak season approaches."}
{"id": "doc8190", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during Black Friday?"}
{"id": "doc8191", "text": "“There is a new trend of cybercriminals using more targeted, strategic ransomware to lock up computers and demand extortion payments to unlock them. In the past, threat actors focused on stealing payment card records from retailers and paid close attention to the days leading up to Black Friday. "}
{"id": "doc8192", "text": "“The whole holiday shopping season was a lucrative time, as there is a high volume of card-present transactions. Criminals would install machines in card swipes at POS terminals. As they got hit hard with these type of attacks, more retailers began implementing EMV readers and point-to-point encryptors, making it difficult to steal card numbers."}
{"id": "doc8193", "text": "“While there is still a hot market to purchase stolen card numbers, ransomware has gone from a scattershot, random attack to a targeted, strategic attack. Companies frequently buy cyberinsurance, and many policies will help pay for ransom. The cybercriminals have a list of what insurance companies are willing to pay and what insurance companies retailers are using. "}
{"id": "doc8194", "text": "“Hackers will also time a ransomware attack so retailers have short timeframe to make a decision. If a retailer is facing a period of two to three weeks to restore their systems from backup during the holiday shopping period and the hacker promises that if they put in the secret key they will get by paying ransom their systems will be back in one day, there is a strong incentive to pay.”"}
{"id": "doc8195", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face for Cyber Monday?"}
{"id": "doc8196", "text": "“We are seeing a huge increase in the number of attacks on e-commerce sites that provide services for online retailers. For example, a company that provides a turnkey solution retailers can use for shipping. A hacker who gains access can install malware on multiple different retailers at once and collect card data as it is entered into site."}
{"id": "doc8197", "text": "“These are known as ‘Magecart’ attacks, and are being perpetrated by many unrelated groups who are using similar techniques to compromise online retailers. They gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase. Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc8198", "text": "(Editor’s note: Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack.) "}
{"id": "doc8199", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during the remainder of the holiday season?"}
{"id": "doc8200", "text": "“Retailers face the same threats post-Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with malware harvesting card data as customers make transactions in person or online, and ransomware/extortion attacks. In the past few months, there have been reports of the coming together of threat actors who typically operate in separate circles, selling criminal services requiring special skills."}
{"id": "doc8201", "text": "“For example, some threat actors break into networks all day and have their own expertise. Others are experts at social engineering or phishing, or develop custom malware that standard antivirus programs won’t recognize. They advertise on the dark web and share data on activities like locking up computers with ransomware."}
{"id": "doc8202", "text": "“Researchers got the idea to analyze the dark web to discover which companies were being targeted, so now cybercriminals share information in vague terms or directly cooperate with large ransomware groups. They may sell their expert  criminal services exclusively to one steady customer they know can pay.”"}
{"id": "doc8203", "text": "What is the biggest threat on the horizon for 2020?"}
{"id": "doc8204", "text": "“More retailers will adopt proactive security strategies to protect their networks and receive alerts when threat actors are in the network. A natural consequence has been threat actors have become more advanced in researching security products. They acquire the same security products retailers use and put smart people to work researching, reverse engineering and testing security products to learn how to evade them and obtain access to high-value targets. "}
{"id": "doc8205", "text": "“Retailers need to not just prevent and block threat actors, who always find ways to evade security software, but also detect them once they are inside the network.” "}
{"id": "doc8206", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8207", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8208", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8209", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8210", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8211", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8212", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8213", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8214", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8215", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8216", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8217", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8218", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8219", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8220", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8221", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8222", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8223", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8224", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8225", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8226", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8227", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8228", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8229", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8230", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8231", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8232", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8233", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8234", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8235", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8236", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8237", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8238", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8239", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8240", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8241", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8242", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8243", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8244", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8245", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8246", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8247", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8248", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8249", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8250", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8251", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8252", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8253", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8254", "text": "Ollies Bargain Outlet Holdings has tapped a company veteran as chief executive. "}
{"id": "doc8255", "text": "The discounter on Tuesday named John Swygert as president and CEO and member of its board, effective immediately. Swygert has been serving as interim president and CEO since Dec. 2, after the unexpected passing of Ollie’s founder, Mark Butler, on Dec. 2."}
{"id": "doc8256", "text": "Swygert joined Ollies in March 2004 as CFO. He had been executive VP and COO since January 2018. Previously, he was executive VP and CFO at Factory 2-U Stores, and has worked in discount retail as a finance professional for 27 years."}
{"id": "doc8257", "text": "Ollies also released third-party results that topped analysts’ expectations. Ollies earned $27 million, or 41 cents a share, in the quarter ended Nov.2, compared with $24.8 million, or 38 cents a share, in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted for one-time items, Ollies earned $26.8 million, or 41 cents a share, compared with $21 million, or 32 cents a share, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected adjusted earnings of 38 cents a share. "}
{"id": "doc8258", "text": "Sales rose 15% to $327 million. Analysts had expected sales of $323 million."}
{"id": "doc8259", "text": "“Our profound sadness at the unexpected passing of our founder and friend, Mark Butler, eclipses the results we posted in the third quarter,” said Swygert. “As we pay tribute to the visionary businessman and special person that was Mark, we remain committed to the foundation upon which he built Ollie’s: offering great brands at great values, or as Mark called it, ‘Good Stuff Cheap.’ We were pleased to deliver strong results during the third quarter, having addressed the challenges we faced in the prior quarter.” "}
{"id": "doc8260", "text": "Ollies currently operate 345 stores in 25 states throughout the Eastern half of the United States."}
{"id": "doc8261", "text": "One of the hottest holiday trends in e-commerce is a new cybercrime technique."}
{"id": "doc8262", "text": "Magecart sounds like something out of “Harry Potter,” but is a very real online fraud tool that should scare retailers far more than anything from the world of wizards. I recently discussed Magecart with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a computer scientist with the FBI, described how Magecart works."}
{"id": "doc8263", "text": "“(Hackers) gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase,” said Pargman. “Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc8264", "text": "Pargman and many other cybersecurity experts have been warning that Magecart attacks are rapidly growing as the holidays approach. A recently discovered Magecart-related data breach at Macy’s bears this out. "}
{"id": "doc8265", "text": "“Online retailers like Macy’s are prime targets for Magecart, because data is easily stolen during checkout, often through third parties, as customers enter their credit cards,” commented Elad Shapira, head of research at security management platform Panorays. "}
{"id": "doc8266", "text": "So how do retailers stop this seemingly supernatural villainy from ruining the holidays? Fortunately, there are a few real-world solutions that can help banish Magecart attacks back into the gloomy underworld of online retail fraud."}
{"id": "doc8267", "text": "First, as recommended by web security provider PerimeterX, retailers must make sure they are tracking any first- and third-party code being added to their website in real time. Any code from a domain that has suspicious characteristics, such as being recently launched or originating from known hacker trouble spots like Russia or Eastern Europe, should be flagged for immediate review."}
{"id": "doc8268", "text": "Second, retailers must consult with any and all third parties, such as online marketplaces, payment processors, or even maintenance service providers, that may provide entry points to their network. Make sure any entity that has any legitimate reason to have access to any part of your enterprise is aware of Magecart and actively taking preventative steps. "}
{"id": "doc8269", "text": "Third, as recommended by Justin Fox, director of devops engineering for NuData Security, a Mastercard company, retailers need to start verifying the legitimacy of their buyers by using information beyond credit card numbers or other personally identifying data."}
{"id": "doc8270", "text": "“This is where behavioral technologies are providing companies with higher assurance establishing the legitimacy of their customers, even when their stolen credentials are used,” advises Fox."}
{"id": "doc8271", "text": "Finally, retailers must always remain vigilant and active in their online security activities. Stay current with the latest trends and solutions, and always be willing to upgrade or update your existing security infrastructure. Magecart may have become old news by the time the 2020 holiday season rolls around, but cyberattacks will always remain in fashion.   "}
{"id": "doc8272", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8273", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8274", "text": "Cybercriminals are evolving their techniques for breaking into computer networks."}
{"id": "doc8275", "text": "According to the IBM X-Force Threat Intelligence Index 2020 from IBM Security, 60% of initial entries into victims’ networks that were observed leveraged either previously stolen credentials or known software vulnerabilities. This allowed attackers to rely less on deception to gain access."}
{"id": "doc8276", "text": "The index highlighted several contributing factors to this growing cyberattack trend. They included a significant increase in the percentage of incidents stemming from hackers scanning and exploiting vulnerabilities in software to 30% in 2019 from 8% in 2018. The use of previously stolen credentials also gained ground as a preferred point-of-entry, responsible for 29% of observed incidents in 2019. Meanwhile, phishing attacks designed to steal new credentials dropped to 31% of observed incidents in 2019 from more than half in 2018."}
{"id": "doc8277", "text": "Just in 2019, the report states more than 8.5 billion records were compromised—resulting in a 200% increase in exposed data reported year-over-year and adding to the growing number of stolen credentials that cybercriminals can use as their source material."}
{"id": "doc8278", "text": "Retail has jumped to the second most attacked industry in this year’s report, in a very close race with financial services which remained at the top for the fourth year in a row. Magecart attacks are among the most prominent attacks observed against retail, impacting a reported 80 e-commerce sites in the summer of 2019."}
{"id": "doc8279", "text": "Other key highlights from the index include:"}
{"id": "doc8280", "text": "• The report shows an uptick in ransomware activity in 2019, with IBM X-Force deploying its incident response team to ransomware incidents in 13 different industries worldwide. However, IBM X-Force saw significant attacks against retail, manufacturing and transportation, which IBM analysis indicates are known to either hold a surplus of monetizable data or rely on outdated technology and, thus, face the vulnerability sprawl."}
{"id": "doc8281", "text": "• IBM’s analysis found that of the more than 8.5 billion breached records reported in 2019, 7 billion of those, or over 85%, were due to misconfigured cloud servers and other improperly configured systems, a departure from 2018 when these records made up less than half of total records."}
{"id": "doc8282", "text": "• IBM observed a “squatting” trend in phishing campaigns, where attackers impersonate consumer brands to trick users into clicking malicious links in phishing attempts. Nearly 60% of the top 10 spoofed brands identified were Google and YouTube domains, while Apple (15%) and Amazon (12%) domains were also spoofed by attackers looking to steal users’ monetizable data."}
{"id": "doc8283", "text": "IBM X-Force conducted its analysis based on insights and observations from monitoring 70 billion security events per day in more than 130 countries. In addition, data is gathered and analyzed from multiple sources including X-Force IRIS, X-Force Red, IBM Managed Security Services, and publicly disclosed data breach information. IBM X-Force also runs thousands of spam traps around the world and monitors tens of millions of spam and phishing attacks daily while analyzing billions of web pages and images to detect fraudulent activity and brand abuse. "}
{"id": "doc8284", "text": "A comfort footwear and orthotics brand wants your shoes to fit perfectly, regardless of where you buy them."}
{"id": "doc8285", "text": "Chain Store Age recently spoke with Larry Schwartz, CEO of Aetrex Worldwide, about the company’s new partnership with fashion personalization and customer experience platform True Fit. "}
{"id": "doc8286", "text": "In addition to selling its own custom footwear and orthotics products, Aetrex also runs the foot health site foot.com and has developed its proprietary “Albert” 3D foot scanner technology. The technology uses computer vision, sensor, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning technologies to determine individual consumer data such as size, length, width, height, pressure, and arch type in under one minute."}
{"id": "doc8287", "text": "How is Aetrex working with True Fit?"}
{"id": "doc8288", "text": "“We have joined in a strategic partnership to combine True Fit’s Fashion Genome connected data set and personal size, fit and style recommendations with the Aetrex technology suite, including our Albert 3D foot scanner, Fit HQ AI solution, and Albert mobile applications. The result is an interactive, omnichannel experience that connects in-store foot scanning data to direct the shopper and recommends the best-fitting footwear for both their foot type and fit and style preferences.  "}
{"id": "doc8289", "text": "“The foot scans will enrich each shopper’s True Fit profile, and will enhance accuracy and relevance of the footwear recommendations anywhere True Fit is available. True Fit currently serves personal style, fit, and size recommendations to over 125 million True Fit registered users globally across its network of retailers and partners. This new partnership enhances True Fit’s ability to serve consumers in store and digitally by creating an engaging way for shoppers to interact in the store with sales associates, enrich their True Fit profiles, and increase their chances of finding a pair of shoes they’ll love and keep.”"}
{"id": "doc8290", "text": "What does this technology partnership enable?"}
{"id": "doc8291", "text": "“This partnership is particularly useful for consumers with special foot fit and sizing considerations, as well as specific performance needs. Aetrex 3D foot scans add an extra layer of data that represents a more nuanced view of the foot. By giving consumers the option of adding the additional 3D scan data to their True Fit profile, True Fit and Aetrex aim to provide better shoe recommendations in store and everywhere they shop digitally.” "}
{"id": "doc8292", "text": "What about this offering is new and notable for stores?"}
{"id": "doc8293", "text": "“Providing the right style, fit, and size the first time helps retailers create a better customer service experience, resulting in an increase in customer loyalty. This means higher sales conversions, higher rate of trying new brands and styles, higher keep rate on orders with multiple items, and 30-50% reduction of size-related returns for True Fit users. For merchants, marketers, and product designers, the addition of 3D foot scans increases understanding of consumers, product knowledge, product design, and merchandising.  "}
{"id": "doc8294", "text": "“In addition, parents have a new tool at their disposal to improve their ability to get their child into the best size. Retail associates are further enabled as fit experts and personal shoppers, and newer employees can be almost as efficient and effective as their best store associates starting on day one.”"}
{"id": "doc8295", "text": "How does it impact and benefit shoppers?"}
{"id": "doc8296", "text": "“Shoppers benefit by having increased confidence to make a purchase knowing that the shoes being recommended are considering an even more nuanced view of their foot, combining True Fit’s rich style preference and deep product information with Aetrex’s detail 3D foot scan data. Shoppers themselves or the store associate are now able to quickly locate personalized footwear options based on their foot dimensions, preferences, and the inventory available in store or online from a particular retailer.”"}
{"id": "doc8297", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8298", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8299", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8300", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8301", "text": "A specialty fashion retailer is scaling its highly personalized brick-and-mortar experience for the web."}
{"id": "doc8302", "text": "California-based Ruti, which operates eight stores across the U.S. as well as an e-commerce site, has raised $6 million in a Series A funding round led by Viola Ventures. Ruti will use the investment to expand development of its proprietary in-store technology platform, including the addition of a customized digital experience."}
{"id": "doc8303", "text": "The retailer is building upon a proprietary, artificial intelligence (AI)-based technology platform that provides brick-and-mortar customers with a hyper-personalized, high-touch experience. Using opt-in facial recognition technology, the system scans and photographs a customer’s face when they enter the store, with the image uploaded to Ruti’s CRM system."}
{"id": "doc8304", "text": "The AI system can identify repeat customers within seconds, sending their history, profile, and individually recommended products to sales associates. In addition, the system continuously builds customers’ profiles, including past purchases, items they’ve tried on, and other attributes. Customer feedback gathered on the database influences inventory and design process for upcoming collections. Repeat customers account for 75% of Ruti’s business."}
{"id": "doc8305", "text": "In addition to enhancing its online presence, over the next year, the company plans to expand its current team to support its online and offline growth and grow geographically to meet global customer demand."}
{"id": "doc8306", "text": "“This funding will be used to bring the high-touch experience of our in-store experience to our online store,” said Ruti Zisser, CEO and co-founder of Ruti. “The traditional e-commerce approach might work for high frequency, low-cost items, but when it comes to unique products and truly personal customer relationships, we knew we had to develop a better approach.”"}
{"id": "doc8307", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8308", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8309", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8310", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8311", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8312", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8313", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8314", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8315", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8316", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8317", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8318", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8319", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8320", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8321", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8322", "text": "If the customer is king, product data is queen.  But far too many retailers treat their product information as an afterthought.  That’s a huge mistake in a time where it takes a shopper just a few seconds to click away to better product information or to find a different product and another vendor.  Online and in store, the key to a great customer experience—and increased sales— in todays marketplace is to provide complete, reliable and attractive product information across every channel. Download the Informed Purchase Journey ebook and learn how to get product data right and help customers buy from you.Learn about product information best practices in an omnichannel world, including:• How to make product data complete and consistent across all channels• What you can do to make your product information stand out against your competitors• How connecting various data repositories will help you deliver an outstanding customer experience• How to harness the power of data to improve your time to marketRegister below to download the ebook.* Information collected by this form will be shared with our sponsor, Informatica. Chain Store Age and our sponsors value your privacy. To view privacy policies click here:Chain Store Age policy   Informatica policy"}
{"id": "doc8323", "text": "Today more than ever, it’s all about the customer. The expectations customers place on retailers are motivating retailers to deliver a best-in-class customer experience across channels. To achieve that goal, it’s all about simplicity in business process execution.This ebook offers clear direction to help retailers and brand manufacturers implement the five steps to customer-centric success, using real-world examples backed by industry research and statistics.Fill out the form to download the report.*All fields requiredInformation collected by this form will be shared with our sponsors, NetSuite Global Business Unit. Chain Store Age and our sponsors value your privacy. To view privacy policies click here:  Chain Store Age policyOracle privacy policyNetSuite privacy policy"}
{"id": "doc8324", "text": "The annual State of the Industry retail review focuses on the game-changing technology that is transforming the way consumers shop."}
{"id": "doc8325", "text": "The Top 100 features listing of largest U.S. retailers, comparing year-over-year sales, earnings and store growth, with analysis."}
{"id": "doc8326", "text": "Click below to download the PDF of past State of the Industry and Top 100 reports."}
{"id": "doc8327", "text": "White paper: Engaging the “New” Customer and Delivering the Future of RetailSponsored by:*Microsoft values your privacy and will treat the information we collect from you as a result of your registration in accordance with the Microsoft privacy policy. To view privacy policy, click here."}
{"id": "doc8328", "text": "Ruti is reportedly boosting in-store sales with facial recognition."}
{"id": "doc8329", "text": "According to Glossy, the California-based specialty fashion retailer started rolling out facial recognition technology across its nine stores during 2018. When a customer enters a store, their face is scanned and photographed, with the image uploaded to Ruti’s CRM system. The system can identify repeat customers within seconds, sending their history, profile, and individually recommended products to sales associates. "}
{"id": "doc8330", "text": "Founder Ruti Zisser would not provide specific metrics, but said facial recognition has significantly increased the retailer’s brick-and-mortar sales."}
{"id": "doc8331", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc8332", "text": "With increased traffic and sales, the holidays also bring retailers heightened risk of cyberattack."}
{"id": "doc8333", "text": "Chain Store Age recently discussed the most pressing security threats facing retailers during the 2019 holiday season and beyond with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a senior computer scientist on the Cyber Task Force at the FBI Seattle field office, shared insight on the latest cybercrime techniques retailers must defend themselves against as peak season approaches."}
{"id": "doc8334", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during Black Friday?"}
{"id": "doc8335", "text": "“There is a new trend of cybercriminals using more targeted, strategic ransomware to lock up computers and demand extortion payments to unlock them. In the past, threat actors focused on stealing payment card records from retailers and paid close attention to the days leading up to Black Friday. "}
{"id": "doc8336", "text": "“The whole holiday shopping season was a lucrative time, as there is a high volume of card-present transactions. Criminals would install machines in card swipes at POS terminals. As they got hit hard with these type of attacks, more retailers began implementing EMV readers and point-to-point encryptors, making it difficult to steal card numbers."}
{"id": "doc8337", "text": "“While there is still a hot market to purchase stolen card numbers, ransomware has gone from a scattershot, random attack to a targeted, strategic attack. Companies frequently buy cyberinsurance, and many policies will help pay for ransom. The cybercriminals have a list of what insurance companies are willing to pay and what insurance companies retailers are using. "}
{"id": "doc8338", "text": "“Hackers will also time a ransomware attack so retailers have short timeframe to make a decision. If a retailer is facing a period of two to three weeks to restore their systems from backup during the holiday shopping period and the hacker promises that if they put in the secret key they will get by paying ransom their systems will be back in one day, there is a strong incentive to pay.”"}
{"id": "doc8339", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face for Cyber Monday?"}
{"id": "doc8340", "text": "“We are seeing a huge increase in the number of attacks on e-commerce sites that provide services for online retailers. For example, a company that provides a turnkey solution retailers can use for shipping. A hacker who gains access can install malware on multiple different retailers at once and collect card data as it is entered into site."}
{"id": "doc8341", "text": "“These are known as ‘Magecart’ attacks, and are being perpetrated by many unrelated groups who are using similar techniques to compromise online retailers. They gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase. Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc8342", "text": "(Editor’s note: Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack.) "}
{"id": "doc8343", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during the remainder of the holiday season?"}
{"id": "doc8344", "text": "“Retailers face the same threats post-Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with malware harvesting card data as customers make transactions in person or online, and ransomware/extortion attacks. In the past few months, there have been reports of the coming together of threat actors who typically operate in separate circles, selling criminal services requiring special skills."}
{"id": "doc8345", "text": "“For example, some threat actors break into networks all day and have their own expertise. Others are experts at social engineering or phishing, or develop custom malware that standard antivirus programs won’t recognize. They advertise on the dark web and share data on activities like locking up computers with ransomware."}
{"id": "doc8346", "text": "“Researchers got the idea to analyze the dark web to discover which companies were being targeted, so now cybercriminals share information in vague terms or directly cooperate with large ransomware groups. They may sell their expert  criminal services exclusively to one steady customer they know can pay.”"}
{"id": "doc8347", "text": "What is the biggest threat on the horizon for 2020?"}
{"id": "doc8348", "text": "“More retailers will adopt proactive security strategies to protect their networks and receive alerts when threat actors are in the network. A natural consequence has been threat actors have become more advanced in researching security products. They acquire the same security products retailers use and put smart people to work researching, reverse engineering and testing security products to learn how to evade them and obtain access to high-value targets. "}
{"id": "doc8349", "text": "“Retailers need to not just prevent and block threat actors, who always find ways to evade security software, but also detect them once they are inside the network.” "}
{"id": "doc8350", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8351", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8352", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8353", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8354", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8355", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8356", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8357", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8358", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8359", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8360", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8361", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8362", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8363", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8364", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8365", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8366", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8367", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8368", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8369", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8370", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8371", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8372", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8373", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8374", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8375", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8376", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8377", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8378", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8379", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8380", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8381", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8382", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8383", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8384", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8385", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8386", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8387", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8388", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8389", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8390", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8391", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8392", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8393", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8394", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8395", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8396", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8397", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8398", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8399", "text": "Showrooming refers to consumers visiting a brick and mortar retail store to research a product and then looking up its lowest price online, either right there in the store via their smartphone or back home at their computer. This frequently leads to lost sales for the retailer in those cases where they make the purchase elsewhere. Thusly, they turn the retail store into a showroom. 82% of shoppers in the US and UK have used their smartphone to compare prices in-store. It is an increasingly common phenomenon that now has a fancy name.Consumers don’t “showroom.” They buy. How they buy is changing. The real conversation about show- rooming must focus on how retailers can participate in this change, starting with a strong look at the role of the store and how they can deliver a single retail experience across their channels at the point of purchase."}
{"id": "doc8400", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8401", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8402", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8403", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8404", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8405", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8406", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8407", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8408", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8409", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8410", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8411", "text": "To thrive, retailers need to understand their customers as individual consumers. They are applying analytics with real-time technologies to stay ahead of consumer demand, target customers more precisely and drive greater efficiencies throughout the enterprise.The key is to move beyond making decisions that boost short-term sales and instead use technology to fortify the relationship with consumers. This approach creates a brand experience that can be as important, or more so, as the products being sold."}
{"id": "doc8412", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8413", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8414", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8415", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8416", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8417", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8418", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8419", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8420", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8421", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8422", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8423", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8424", "text": "Todays consumer has more shopping options, and more channels of commerce and interaction, than ever before. As a result, the customer experience is changing to incorporate new channels and technologies, and retailers must change to keep pace. This whitepaper examines how customer intelligence tools can be used to personalize the customer experience and drive higher customer satisfaction and conversion rates.Sponsored by:"}
{"id": "doc8425", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8426", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8427", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8428", "text": "A format that blends a grocery store with a nutritionally-minded cooking school is adding more locations."}
{"id": "doc8429", "text": "Basics Market, which has two stores in Portland, Ore., has opened a location in Tualatin, Ore. A fourth location, in Portland’s Pearl District, is set to open this winter, with a total of two to three stores on tap for 2020. "}
{"id": "doc8430", "text": "Founded in 2017 by Pacific Foods’ founder Chuck Eggert, Basics is designed to help people cook healthful meals at home. It combines regionally sourced products, seasonally rotating meal stations, nutrition classes and cooking demos all under one roof. The grocer partners with local producers to minimize distribution costs and waste, with an eye to providing high-quality products at lower prices. "}
{"id": "doc8431", "text": "At 5,000-sq.-ft., Basics’ newest outpost  is designed for easy access. Special features include a “discovery kitchen” classroom with state-of-the-art cooking facilities and a robust schedule of free classes, including interactive demonstrations, hands-on workshops and nutrition classes. A bar and bottle shop featuring a selection of regional wines, craft beers and creative drinks will be added in November."}
{"id": "doc8432", "text": "Grocery offerings include local and seasonal products and a “protein counter” featuring sustainably caught fish, a wide variety of Pacific Northwest fresh and cured meats, poultry, and plant-based selections all locally sourced. "}
{"id": "doc8433", "text": "“Our hope is that this store will be an oasis of meal inspiration and delicious ingredients, making it easier for people to get dinner on the table with foods they trust,” said Fernando Divina, president of Basics markets. "}
{"id": "doc8434", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8435", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8436", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8437", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8438", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8439", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8440", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8441", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8442", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8443", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8444", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8445", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8446", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8447", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8448", "text": "Ross Stores reported a strong fourth quarter with earnings well above analysts’ estimates. "}
{"id": "doc8449", "text": "On an earnings call, executives from the off-price giant said the company plans to add about 100 stores this year, consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dds Discounts locations."}
{"id": "doc8450", "text": "Ross reported fourth-quarter net earnings of $456.1 million, or $1.28 per share, versus $441.7 million, or $1.20 per share, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.25 per share."}
{"id": "doc8451", "text": "Sales rose to $4.41 billion from $4.11 billion. Analysts had expected sales of $4.36 billion. Same-store sales increased 4%. The fourth-quarter operating margin of 13.3% was slightly better than expected, driven by higher merchandise margin."}
{"id": "doc8452", "text": "For the 2019 fiscal year, earnings per share increased 8% to $4.60, compared to $4.26 in the prior year. Net income for the period was $1.7 billion, up from $1.6 billion last year. Sales for the 2019 year grew 7% to $16.0 billion."}
{"id": "doc8453", "text": "“As we enter 2020, we continue to face our own strong long-term sales and earnings results plus ongoing uncertainty in the macro-economic, political, and retail landscapes,” said CEO Barbara Rentler. “Therefore, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook when projecting our performance for the coming year.”"}
{"id": "doc8454", "text": "The retailer’s guidance also does not reflect the “potential unknown impacts” from the evolving coronavirus outbreak. "}
{"id": "doc8455", "text": "“While we are closely monitoring the situation, there remains a high level of uncertainty over supply chain disruptions in China,” Rentler said. “In addition, it is unclear how a further possible spread of the coronavirus could negatively impact U.S. consumer demand.”"}
{"id": "doc8456", "text": "Ross operates 1,546 locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. It also operates 259 dd’s Discounts stores. "}
{"id": "doc8457", "text": "Ross Stores is losing one of its longtime merchandising executives."}
{"id": "doc8458", "text": "The fast-growing off-pricer announced that Bernie Brautigan, president, merchandising of Ross Dress for Less since 2016, is leaving the company. Senior merchant executives under his areas of responsibility will now report to CEO Barbara Rentler."}
{"id": "doc8459", "text": "“Bernie has made numerous valuable contributions over his 16-year career as a merchandising executive at Ross Dress for Less,” Rentler stated. “We have a very talented and long-tenured team of senior merchandising leaders directing a large organization of more than 800 buyers.”"}
{"id": "doc8460", "text": "As of January 9, 2020, the company operates 1,550 Ross locations in 39 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 260 dd’s Discounts stores in 19 states."}
{"id": "doc8461", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc8462", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc8463", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc8464", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc8465", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc8466", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc8467", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc8468", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc8469", "text": "Ulta Beauty’s latest seamless shopping experience features interactive virtual reality (VR)."}
{"id": "doc8470", "text": "The nation’s largest beauty retailer is recreating the “in-store” experience online leveraging 360-degree interactive video from VR content platform VirtualAPT. Customers can visit the online Ulta Beauty virtual store tour and control their viewpoint of the store."}
{"id": "doc8471", "text": "Customers have the option of following Ulta’s curated shopping path or moving to a specific section of the store using the navigation feature, in either English or Spanish. The VR-based videos are produced using autonomous robots, hosted using an interactive web player, and can be viewed on nearly any device without any download necessary."}
{"id": "doc8472", "text": "“The Ulta Beauty Virtual Store Tour provides a seamless omnichannel shopping experience that extends the benefits of shopping in our brick-and-mortar stores to an online space for our guests,” said Prama Bhatt, senior VP of digital and e-commerce at Ulta Beauty. “The virtual store tour is another example of Ulta Beauty’s continuous commitment to reinventing digital engagement in the beauty category.”"}
{"id": "doc8473", "text": "Ulta is establishing itself as a leader in providing realistic omnichannel shopping features that are based on VR and augmented reality (AR). Other recently launched examples include [email protected], a dedicated section of its e-commerce site featuring a 3-D virtual replica of a brick-and-mortar store; as well as a virtual try-on experience on its mobile app."}
{"id": "doc8474", "text": "Click here to see a tour. "}
{"id": "doc8475", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc8476", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc8477", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc8478", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc8479", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc8480", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc8481", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc8482", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc8483", "text": "Ulta Beauty has reorganized its top leadership — by promoting from within — in a move the company said was designed to position it for long-term growth and market share capture."}
{"id": "doc8484", "text": "The beauty giant announced the Kecia Steelman will serve in an expanded role, taking on responsibility for Ulta Beauty’s international growth as chief store operations officer & president, international. (In May, the retailer said it planned to expand internationally, starting with Canada. But it did not reveal a date or location.)"}
{"id": "doc8485", "text": "In other changes, Monica Arnaudo was promoted to chief merchandising officer; Shelley Haus was promoted to chief marketing officer; and Prama Bhatt promoted to chief digital officer, overseeing digital, including digital innovation, and e-commerce."}
{"id": "doc8486", "text": "In addition, Dave Kimbell previously president and chief marketing and merchandising officer, will remain as president and will oversee merchandising, marketing, digital functions and the corporate strategy team."}
{"id": "doc8487", "text": "“Our ability to promote from within underscores the incredible talent and passion our team has for growing our business and leading through our values,” said Kimbell. “With this world-class leadership team, Ulta Beauty will continue to deliver an unrivaled in-store experience and merchandising assortment, drive our digital innovation and engagement, and continue to establish ourselves as a powerful and meaningful brand.”"}
{"id": "doc8488", "text": "As of November 2, 2019, Ulta Beauty operates 1,241 retail stores across 50 states and also distributes its products through its website."}
{"id": "doc8489", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc8490", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc8491", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc8492", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc8493", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc8494", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc8495", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc8496", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods’ decision to pull back on gun sales has turned into a boon for Sportsman’s Warehouse."}
{"id": "doc8497", "text": "The Utah-based chain has agreed to buy eight of Dick’s outdoor-focused Field & Stream stores for $28 million, reported the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "}
{"id": "doc8498", "text": "“Each of these stores operates in strong markets, with well-established customer bases,” said Sportsman CEO Jon Barker, whose 95-store chain has a robust gun, ammo, and firearm accessories business."}
{"id": "doc8499", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores are located in Washington, Altoona, and Camp Hill, Pa.; Horseheads and Rochester, N.Y.; Greensboro and Asheville, N.C.; and Troy, Mich."}
{"id": "doc8500", "text": "In 2018, following the Parkland High School shooting in Florida, Dick’s stopped selling sporting rifles at Field & Stream stores and later removed hunting merchandise from 125 Dick’s stores."}
{"id": "doc8501", "text": "Nearly half of Sportsman’s Warehouse’s revenues derive from sales of firearms and hunting merchandise, industry analyst Camilla Yanushevsky told the Post-Gazette."}
{"id": "doc8502", "text": "Sportsmans Warehouse Holdings is expanding into a new market. "}
{"id": "doc8503", "text": "The sporting goods retailer announced plans to open three new stores. A location will open in Parker, Colo., in February, followed by one in Brentwood, Calif., in August. And in October, Sportsman’s will open its first location in Southern California, in the town of Corona."}
{"id": "doc8504", "text": "The three new locations are Sportsmans first announced store openings in 2020, with additional openings likely to be announced in the near future.  Including the three new outposts, Sportsmans will have a total of 107 stores in 27 states."}
{"id": "doc8505", "text": "“While other competitors de-emphasize or exit the space, Sportsmans continues to opportunistically open new stores and grow our business through both e-commerce and store locations,” stated Jon Barker, Sportsmans CEO."}
{"id": "doc8506", "text": "New York-based Time Equities, Inc. has acquired Orchards Market Center in Vancouver, Wash., its seventh property in the region.  "}
{"id": "doc8507", "text": "The 178,190-sq. ft. power center was built in 1994 a high-traffic neighborhood of Vancouver, which sits directly across the Columbia River from Portland. It is 98% occupied and home LA Fitness, Sportsman’s Warehouse, Starbucks, Joann Fabric, Office Depot, and Petco."}
{"id": "doc8508", "text": "CBRE represented the seller, SITE Centers, in the $26.6 million transaction."}
{"id": "doc8509", "text": "“Vancouver is growing in a way a lot of communities aren’t,” said Ami Ziff, director of national retail at TEI. “This acquisition builds on our northwest portfolio. We purchased Columbia Gorge Outlets in nearby Troutdale three years ago.”"}
{"id": "doc8510", "text": "Ziff said the region is in keeping with TEI’s mandate to acquire well-located assets with durable income streams."}
{"id": "doc8511", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods continues to pull back from the hunting category."}
{"id": "doc8512", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings Inc. has entered into an agreement with Dick’s to acquire eight Field & Stream locations. The total purchase price was put at $28 million for inventory and assets. Sportsman’s will sublease the eight locations from Dick’s."}
{"id": "doc8513", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores will be rebranded to operate under the Sportsman’s Warehouse banner. Three are located in Pennsylvania, two in New York, two in North Carolina, and one in Michigan.   "}
{"id": "doc8514", "text": "Dick’s has been steadily moving away from the hunting category, most notably from selling guns and ammunition. The retailer has said it is evaluating the strategy for its hunting business, including its 35-store Field & Stream division. "}
{"id": "doc8515", "text": "Sportsman’s Warehouse, which is based in Utah, said the acquisition was in line with its strategy to return to “a more typical store growth pattern, following a period of investment in omnichannel capabilities, technology, and debt reduction over the last two years.”"}
{"id": "doc8516", "text": "“We are very pleased to announce this opportunistic expansion of our current 95 store base through the acquisition of these eight Field & Stream locations, said Jon Barker, CEO, Sportman’s Warehouse. “Each of these stores operate in strong markets, with well-established customer bases.”"}
{"id": "doc8517", "text": "The transaction is expected to close on October 11, 2019 subject to customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc8518", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods’ decision to pull back on gun sales has turned into a boon for Sportsman’s Warehouse."}
{"id": "doc8519", "text": "The Utah-based chain has agreed to buy eight of Dick’s outdoor-focused Field & Stream stores for $28 million, reported the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "}
{"id": "doc8520", "text": "“Each of these stores operates in strong markets, with well-established customer bases,” said Sportsman CEO Jon Barker, whose 95-store chain has a robust gun, ammo, and firearm accessories business."}
{"id": "doc8521", "text": "The acquired Field & Stream stores are located in Washington, Altoona, and Camp Hill, Pa.; Horseheads and Rochester, N.Y.; Greensboro and Asheville, N.C.; and Troy, Mich."}
{"id": "doc8522", "text": "In 2018, following the Parkland High School shooting in Florida, Dick’s stopped selling sporting rifles at Field & Stream stores and later removed hunting merchandise from 125 Dick’s stores."}
{"id": "doc8523", "text": "Nearly half of Sportsman’s Warehouse’s revenues derive from sales of firearms and hunting merchandise, industry analyst Camilla Yanushevsky told the Post-Gazette."}
{"id": "doc8524", "text": "A regional sporting goods retailer has entered two new states via an acquisition."}
{"id": "doc8525", "text": "Utah-based Sportsman’s Wearhouse opened eight stores on October 19, as part of its recent acquisition of Field & Stream stores. With the openings, Sportman’s Wearhouse enters the states of New York and Pennsylvania for the first time. (Two of the acquired stores are in New York, three are in Pennsylvania, two are in North Carolina and one is in Michigan.)"}
{"id": "doc8526", "text": "Each location averages roughly 50,000 sq. ft. and features more than 60,000 region-specific products for outdoor activities, including hunting, fishing and camping. "}
{"id": "doc8527", "text": "Founded in 1986, Sportsmans Warehouse now operates 103 stores in 27 states.  "}
{"id": "doc8528", "text": "New York-based Time Equities, Inc. has acquired Orchards Market Center in Vancouver, Wash., its seventh property in the region.  "}
{"id": "doc8529", "text": "The 178,190-sq. ft. power center was built in 1994 a high-traffic neighborhood of Vancouver, which sits directly across the Columbia River from Portland. It is 98% occupied and home LA Fitness, Sportsman’s Warehouse, Starbucks, Joann Fabric, Office Depot, and Petco."}
{"id": "doc8530", "text": "CBRE represented the seller, SITE Centers, in the $26.6 million transaction."}
{"id": "doc8531", "text": "“Vancouver is growing in a way a lot of communities aren’t,” said Ami Ziff, director of national retail at TEI. “This acquisition builds on our northwest portfolio. We purchased Columbia Gorge Outlets in nearby Troutdale three years ago.”"}
{"id": "doc8532", "text": "Ziff said the region is in keeping with TEI’s mandate to acquire well-located assets with durable income streams."}
{"id": "doc8533", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc8534", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc8535", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc8536", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc8537", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc8538", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc8539", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc8540", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc8541", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc8542", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc8543", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc8544", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc8545", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc8546", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc8547", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc8548", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc8549", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc8550", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc8551", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc8552", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc8553", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc8554", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc8555", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc8556", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc8557", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc8558", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc8559", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc8560", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc8561", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc8562", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc8563", "text": "Every retailer is developing strategies to compete with Amazon, but another rival lurks in the background."}
{"id": "doc8564", "text": "In the late ‘90s and early ‘00s, conventional wisdom held that every retailer was in competition with Walmart. The discount giant sold every product, could beat anyone on price, and operated with ruthless efficiency. Walmart’s entry into e-commerce in 2000 was an important signifier that online sales were here to stay. "}
{"id": "doc8565", "text": "Since that time, Amazon has taken Walmart’s place as the omnipresent retailer who can undercut any price on any product. Amazon’s entry into the brick-and-mortar space in 2015 signified that physical stores are here to stay. Walmart has hardly disappeared, but generally trails Amazon in discussions of what company poses the most threat to its fellow retailers."}
{"id": "doc8566", "text": "This view is shortsighted. Retailers should see Walmart as equally, and possibly more, challenging than Amazon. Here are three factors that position Walmart to steal market share from anyone, including Amazon."}
{"id": "doc8567", "text": "StoresHaving opened its first local five-and-dime store in Arkansas in 1962, Walmart now operates over 5,000 locations across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Amazon operates about 10% of that total, of which more than three-quarters are Whole Foods stores it purchased in 2017."}
{"id": "doc8568", "text": "Amazon will likely operate thousands of brick-and-mortar stores, mostly under its own banner, within a few years. But it will still have decades of catching up to do with Walmart in terms of understanding how to fulfill, staff and merchandise them. As brick-and-mortar stores become more crucial to e-commerce, Walmart’s dominance in the physical space should only grow as an advantage. "}
{"id": "doc8569", "text": "VR trainingWalmart is taking a leading-edge approach to store associate training with virtual reality (VR) technology. To safely recreate high-pressure store scenarios, Walmart employs Oculus Go VR headsets for onsite training and Oculus Rift VR headsets for training at its 200 regional employee academies. Employees view VR videos filmed in actual Walmart stores that recreate a wide variety of real-life events they will likely encounter. "}
{"id": "doc8570", "text": "As a result, Walmart can deliver highly realistic, interactive training content across the organization in an efficient, streamlined manner. This helps ensure that customers visiting brick-and-mortar stores, including online shoppers picking up their orders, receive courteous service in a clean, safe environment."}
{"id": "doc8571", "text": "In-house disruptionAmazon is an established leader in developing proprietary technology that improves operational efficiency and omnichannel customer experience. However, Walmart is also one of the biggest technology innovators in the industry."}
{"id": "doc8572", "text": "Walmart’s Store No. 8 tech incubator has produced a number of disruptive innovations, such as the recently shuttered Jet black, a text-based, personalized shopping service. The discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to place text orders and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc8573", "text": "In addition, Walmart gleans valuable real-life insights from Store No. 8’s “Intelligent Retail Lab,” or IRL. The 50,000-sq.-ft. store is set up to gather information through an array of sensors, cameras and processors. Initially, Walmart is using the IRL to test how real-time information provided by AI-based store systems can inform associates more precisely when to restock products."}
{"id": "doc8574", "text": "It’s scary season, and threats to your seamless success may lurk in the shadows of your enterprise."}
{"id": "doc8575", "text": "Earlier this year, I penned a column about exorcising “ghosts” from stores with the aid of technology. In the spirit of Halloween, now I’m offering a column on three omnichannel “monsters” that stand in the way of seamless retail operations the way a troll guards a bridge in a fairy tale."}
{"id": "doc8576", "text": "Invisible customersBeing able to correctly and sequentially identify your customers at any point of contact is vital to delivering the personalized, seamless experience they expect. Being able to recognize a shopper, regardless of whether they patronize your store, website, mobile app or social media page, is not enough. "}
{"id": "doc8577", "text": "Retailers also must have an accurate chronology of when a customer has visited via different channels. This enables a store associate to offer a shopper a personalized discount based on an item they recently browsed online, for example. "}
{"id": "doc8578", "text": "Otherwise, retailers may find themselves plagued by the dreaded invisible customer – a shopper they cannot adequately provide highly personalized, real-time service across all channels. At a minimum, ridding the enterprise of invisible customers requires investing in omnichannel behavioral tracking and CRM software. Cutting-edge solutions include computer vision and biometric recognition technologies.   "}
{"id": "doc8579", "text": "Frankenstein back endsWhile many retailers appear to offer a seamless customer experience on the front end, their back-end enterprise platforms may not support omnichannel operations. These “Frankenstein monsters” consist of bolted together systems that individually support critical enterprise functions such as inventory management and pricing for the brick-and-mortar, online, and mobile channels. "}
{"id": "doc8580", "text": "These solutions are often implemented in silos that inhibit effective communication or information-sharing. Installation of disparate applications at a variety of times from numerous vendors frequently exacerbates the problems posed by Frankenstein back ends."}
{"id": "doc8581", "text": "Retailers can send Frankenstein’s monsters back to the lab with several strategies. These include “vanilla” implementations that primarily leverage solutions from a single enterprise vendor, migrating enterprise applications to easily integrated cloud services, and leveraging the expertise of managed IT services providers to break down silos and bring disparate enterprise systems together.     "}
{"id": "doc8582", "text": "Mummified mobile experiencesMobile is a unique channel that provides customers a wholly separate user interface from what they experience on a laptop or PC. It is also becoming the primary means of digital access for a rapidly growing segment of customers (especially sought-after millennial and Gen Z shoppers)."}
{"id": "doc8583", "text": "Yet many retailers still simply take their existing web experience and shrink it down for a mobile device screen. This results in frustration and difficulty for mobile shoppers who must contend with blurred and distorted graphics, hard-to-read text, inconvenient pull-down menus, and navigation that is not optimized for scrolling or swiping."}
{"id": "doc8584", "text": "To avoid these mummified experiences that date back to the dawn of m-commerce (c. 2010), retailers need to ensure their mobile apps and sites are specifically tailored for mobile devices. Whether retailers pursue a mobile-first development strategy, where digital experiences are initially designed for mobile devices and then optimized for the web; develop entirely separate native mobile apps and sites; or opt for responsive sites that automatically adjust to the device of the user, they can banish mobile mummies back to the same tombs where flip phones are laid to rest."}
{"id": "doc8585", "text": "Just in time for Valentine’s Day, here is some adoration for a few emerging technologies poised to transform retail."}
{"id": "doc8586", "text": "The technology trends – virtual cosmetics try-on, micro-fulfillment, and mobile training, span different areas of the enterprise. What they share is a focus on leveraging the latest capabilities of IT to help ensure operational efficiency and superior customer experience. What’s not to love?"}
{"id": "doc8587", "text": "Virtual cosmetics try-onHow could we not begin this special Valentine’s Day edition of the Retail Insights blog by pronouncing affection for the burgeoning trend of providing cosmetics try-on with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR)? Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing enhanced reality tools to provide customers a realistically simulated view of how cosmetics products would look on them."}
{"id": "doc8588", "text": "Retailers as varied as Amazon, Macy’s, Ulta Beauty, Pinterest, Sally Beauty, Priv, and MAC Cosmetics are all leveraging AR to enable virtual cosmetics try-on. These tools can be offered via mobile app, PC, tablet, or in-store kiosk."}
{"id": "doc8589", "text": "The same cosmetics product can look completely different depending on who is wearing it. The small size of cosmetics items makes them ideal for online purchase and shipment, and physically trying them on can be messy and time-consuming. Virtual try-on resolves all these issues in a quick, convenient way using state-of-the-art technology. Enough to warm this tech editor’s heart."}
{"id": "doc8590", "text": "Micro-fulfillmentMicro-fulfillment technology automates picking and packing, using robotic systems to efficiently locate and retrieve products stored in a space too compact for human workers. It has mostly been used by grocery retailers seeking to streamline click-and-collect order fulfillment, although Hointer pioneered a version of the concept at denim stores in the early 2010s."}
{"id": "doc8591", "text": "Walmart is piloting a proprietary system called Alphabot which fulfills click-and-collect orders using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items inside a 20,000-sq.-ft., warehouse-style space. Albertsons and Loblaw are running similar pilots supported by a third-party fulfillment solution, while Kroger is building 20 automated “customer fulfillment centers” to enable fast, accurate delivery and in-store execution of online purchases."}
{"id": "doc8592", "text": "Micro-fulfillment enables effective, hyperlocalized fulfillment of online orders at store level without overtaxing store inventory or associates. That should be sweet music to any omnichannel retailer’s ears."}
{"id": "doc8593", "text": "Mobile trainingSince almost all retail associates now own smartphones, conducting training via mobile app is an effective way to streamline content delivery in an easily digested format. In addition, it gives retailers the opportunity to cut training costs by using a bring your own device (BYOD) strategy."}
{"id": "doc8594", "text": "For specialty athletic retailer Evo, mobile training provided a means of reducing the cost of quickly and accurately training seasonal warehouse workers. The company deployed a mobile VR solution that offered a virtual training experience that could scale for groups of any size and help new employees establish core competencies. "}
{"id": "doc8595", "text": "Meanwhile, Foot Locker trains permanent staff with a mobile training app called LaceUp, powered by Axonify, that enables the retailer to monitor which employees have engaged with training programs. The company also collects employee feedback on its mobile training efforts through channels including social media."}
{"id": "doc8596", "text": "And McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers,” which is designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement. Nothing says “I care about you” like a convenient, technologically-enabled training program."}
{"id": "doc8597", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc8598", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc8599", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc8600", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc8601", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc8602", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc8603", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc8604", "text": "The 2019 holiday season may prove to be a watershed event for mobile commerce."}
{"id": "doc8605", "text": "According to a new study from mobile commerce optimization platform Button, there was a 68% increase in overall mobile spend per shopper during the 2019 holiday season compared to the same period in 2018. Year-over-year, Button also recorded a 38% increase in total number of orders per shopper, a 106% increase in total number of app installs, and a 12% increase in overall conversion rate. "}
{"id": "doc8606", "text": "Button data also suggests mobile shoppers are getting more comfortable using apps to make their holiday transactions. During Cyber Week 2019, apps outpaced mobile Web when it came to conversions (86% year-over-year increase) and orders per customer (27% year-over-year increase). The entire holiday season also offered a lift on installs: app installs were 46% higher over the holidays compared to the rest of 2019. "}
{"id": "doc8607", "text": "Looking at consumer spending during the 2019 holiday season, shoppers spent an average of $197, a 17% increase from 2018, and their average order value was $59, a 23% increase from 2018. "}
{"id": "doc8608", "text": "“The official start of the commerce era is here. For companies today, the new frontier isnt a battle for browsing or search—its a battle to be the starting point for commerce,” said Michael Jaconi, co-Founder and CEO of Button. “Companies that control the start of the buyer journey can influence what people buy, where they buy from, and how they pay. Heading into 2020, the companies that lean in on mobiles increasing status as a lean-in, action-oriented platform will emerge at the top.” "}
{"id": "doc8609", "text": "Recent studies from sources including Adobe and Salesforce also reveal strong year-over-year increases in mobile commerce during the 2019 holiday season."}
{"id": "doc8610", "text": "All aggregated, anonymized data is pulled from transactions that took place across Button’s platform from Nov. 24, 2019 – Jan. 3, 2020."}
{"id": "doc8611", "text": "Digital commerce revenue was up 15% over last year during Cyber Week (the Tuesday before Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday), ringing in at a record $31 billion."}
{"id": "doc8612", "text": "That’s according to data from Salesforce, which said that global mobile orders were the  breakout star of Cyber Week, as buying reached 55% (up from 50% in 2018), driving the most digital traffic and orders of any device.  Mobile devices globally drove 73% of all digital traffic, up from 66% in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc8613", "text": "In addition to spikes in mobile usage, social buying through mobile also hit an all-time high—growing 41% since 2018 and making up 7%  of mobile orders on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, a peak day. "}
{"id": "doc8614", "text": "Here are Salesforce’s top holiday shopping insights."}
{"id": "doc8615", "text": "• Consumers come out early to research, but save purchases for Cyber Week: Early marketing activity was successful in generating buzz ahead of Cyber Week. During Pre-Cyber Week (November 19 - November 25), digital traffic was up 13%  from 2018. Shoppers filled their online baskets, but held out for bigger deals in the week ahead. The strategy paid off, with digital orders growing to 18%  during Cyber Week this year. "}
{"id": "doc8616", "text": "With a shorter holiday season, the pressure was on brands and retailers this Cyber Week, said Rob Garf, VP of strategy and insights for retail and consumer goods, Salesforce. Driven by savvy shoppers looking for convenience, personalization and speed before the holiday shopping window closes—winners broke down the friction between inspiration and purchase with artificial intelligence, click and collect and improved mobile usability.”"}
{"id": "doc8617", "text": "A global beauty brand is leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to ensure an appealing online customer experience."}
{"id": "doc8618", "text": "L’Oreal is utilizing a variety of cloud-based enterprise and CRM solutions from Salesforce to make it easier for customers around the world to discover, share and buy beauty products online. L’Oréal brands including Kiehl’s, Lancôme, and Yves Saint Laurent Beauté employ Salesforce modules including Commerce Cloud, Community Cloud, Einstein Analytics, Marketing Cloud, Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Success Cloud."}
{"id": "doc8619", "text": "In total, L’Oreal has rolled out Salesforce technology in more than 150 e-commerce sites in 63 global markets, and customer service centers in more than 10 countries. As a result of this ongoing digital transformation, L’Oréal reports that it increased e-commerce revenue by 48.5% in the first half of 2019, which represents more than 13% of the company’s total sales."}
{"id": "doc8620", "text": "Supported by Salesforce technology, L’Oréal is able to link individual engagements with a customer into a unique, cohesive, end-to-end shopping journey. Rich data augmented by AI enables L’Oréal to engage consumers with predictive and relevant product messaging, recommendations and offers across channels including e-commerce, marketing, and social media. "}
{"id": "doc8621", "text": "Furthermore, intelligent customer service tools such as AI-powered bots allow L’Oréal to quickly and accurately assist customers on the channels of their choice, including phone, mobile messaging, live chat and more. “L’Oréal has been focused on digital transformation for the better part of a decade, and our effort is entirely focused on creating added value for our consumers,” said Michael Kingston, CIO, L’Oréal Americas. “Year after year, we have continued to grow our partnership with Salesforce because the platform allows us to move fast, innovate constantly and reach consumers across different points of engagement. Whether it’s in-store or online, it’s all about using technology to create a consistent shopping journey and deliver personalized beauty experiences at scale.”"}
{"id": "doc8622", "text": "Amazon is reportedly developing a grocery store that will feature cashiers in a Chicago suburb."}
{"id": "doc8623", "text": "According to the Chicago Tribune, Amazon has filed for a Class D liquor license to sell goods at a site in Naperville, Ill., that once housed a Dominick’s grocery store. Renovations have reportedly been ongoing at the more than 30,000-sq.-ft- site, which also contains an operational L.A. Fitness location. "}
{"id": "doc8624", "text": "In addition, Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico confirmed to the Tribune that Amazon is opening a grocery store at the site, although Amazon declined to comment. There has been no announcement or confirmation of when a store will open there or what its name will be. Previously, Amazon said that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc8625", "text": "Amazon is also reported to be developing a roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. brick-and-mortar grocery store in Woodland Hills, Calif. Although this store is also expected to feature conventional checkout lanes, Hngry reports it will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. It is not clear whether the Naperville location will include microfulfillment."}
{"id": "doc8626", "text": "Amazon is simultaneously developing two separate grocery formats. The retailer recently opened its first Amazon Go Grocery store, which features a cashierless “Just Walk Out” shopping model, in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc8627", "text": "Amazon has expanded its checkout-free, convenience store-styled Amazon Go format to the grocery space."}
{"id": "doc8628", "text": "The online giant continues to disrupt the grocery industry with the unveiling of its first checkout-free grocery store, Amazon Go Grocery, which debuted on Tuesday, in the company’s Seattle hometown. (To see a video on the new format, click here.)"}
{"id": "doc8629", "text": "The store is modeled on — and uses the same technology as — Amazon Go but on a  bigger scale. It features a larger footprint (10,400 sq. feet overall, with 7,700 sq. ft. in front of house)compared to Amazon Go stores, which range from 450 sq. ft. to 2,700 sq. ft. front of house) and a much wider assortment of product, with about 5,000 unique items."}
{"id": "doc8630", "text": "The selection at Amazon Go Grocery includes fresh produce, meat, seafood, baked goods, pet supplies and grocery and household essentials as well ready-made dinner options (signed as “Meals Made Easy”) and alcoholic beverages. A mix of organic items and conventional items from familiar brands are featured, along with local favorites from around the city and region. Every item is priced individually, which means that nothing has to be weighed. There is no meat or seafood counter and no on-site food preparation. But there are self-serve coffee and espresso stations. "}
{"id": "doc8631", "text": "In many ways, Amazon Go Grocery resembles the smaller-sized, neighborhood grocery stores that supermarket companies have been opening in urban centers. But it stands apart in its use of technology."}
{"id": "doc8632", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery uses the same “Just Walk Out” cashierless technology as Amazon Go, which opened its first store in January 2018 and now has 25 locations. "}
{"id": "doc8633", "text": "Customers must first download the Amazon Go app and then scan the QR code from the app on a turnstile at the store’s entry to enter. Once inside, they shop the same as they would at a conventional grocers."}
{"id": "doc8634", "text": "Overhead cameras and shelf sensors, assisted by artificial intelligence, track every item a shopper takes and automatically adds it to the shopper’s virtual cart (if an item is put back, it is automatically removed from the cart). Once the shoppers exits the store, their Amazon account is charged and they are sent a receipt. "}
{"id": "doc8635", "text": "Amazon’s interest in expanding further into grocery extends beyond its newest format (and beyond Whole Foods Market). In November, the company listed job openings for a grocery store concept that is expected s to open next year, in Los Angeles. It is reported to be the first location of what is expected to be a new chain of Amazon grocery stores."}
{"id": "doc8636", "text": "The new checkout-free Amazon Go Grocery format holds both potential and challenge for the supermarket vertical."}
{"id": "doc8637", "text": "Since Amazon debuted its Amazon Go cashierless convenience store in January 2018, everyone has been waiting for the retailer to do something bigger with the concept. After opening another 24 small-footprint Amazon Go c-stores, Amazon is expanding the format to a full-fledged grocery store. "}
{"id": "doc8638", "text": "Amazon Go Grocery, now open in Seattle, is a 10,400-sq.-ft. supermarket with 7,700-sq.-ft. in front-of-house, offering about 5,000 unique items across major categories. Where Amazon goes, the industry usually follows. But let’s look at the biggest obstacle to widespread adoption of “Just Walk Out” retailing in the grocery sector, as well as a couple of reasons it may happen."}
{"id": "doc8639", "text": "Cost and complexityAmazon has never released cost figures for setting up an Amazon Go convenience store, but analysts have estimated that each location costs about $1 million in technology. This includes the cost of sensors and cameras equipped with computer vision and image recognition, as well as extensive wireless networking. The figure for a 10,400-sq.-ft. grocery store is undoubtedly much higher."}
{"id": "doc8640", "text": "The sheer expense and sophistication of the technology required to support an Amazon Go-type shopping experience may well put it out of reach of all but the largest of Tier I retailers. Furthermore, a retailer needs to have a sophisticated loyalty program and connected mobile app that customers can use to identify themselves and then pay via registered credit/debit account. "}
{"id": "doc8641", "text": "It is worth noting that some mobile software providers say they can provide an equivalent experience with much less infrastructure. Also, retailers including Ahold and 7-Eleven are currently testing Amazon Go-type grocery and convenience formats."}
{"id": "doc8642", "text": "Return on convenienceSimply grabbing the products you want and walking out with them is an appealing notion for today’s constantly connected, time-starved shoppers. “Just Walk Out” truly combines the convenience of e-commerce with the immediacy of brick-and-mortar."}
{"id": "doc8643", "text": "This is probably why analysts estimate the average Amazon Go store generates $1.5 million in sales per year, double that of a standard convenience store. Presumably, Amazon Go Grocery will also significantly surpass the sales of traditional grocery stores. That type of ROI can justify a lot of technology investment, especially at the scale Amazon and other Tier I retailers can achieve. "}
{"id": "doc8644", "text": "Efficient operationsBy eliminating the need for cash wraps, the Amazon Go model provides retailers extra selling space, further bolstering the ROI potential of the upfront expense. Checkout queues are eliminated, opening the door to increased traffic and conversion rates while improving customer satisfaction, likely elevating visit frequency."}
{"id": "doc8645", "text": "And while Amazon is careful to point out that its Amazon Go stores still have human associates to stock shelves and provide customer service, the model eliminates the need for cashiers. Even if a cashierless store has the same number of employees as a traditional store, all of those employees can spend 100% of their time on customer-facing activities, boosting their productivity and increasing shopper satisfaction even further."}
{"id": "doc8646", "text": "My best guess is the Amazon Go model will become commonplace among Tier I convenience and grocery retailers in the next few years. It will be harder to duplicate at the Tier II and III levels, but in the long term should likely spread to smaller retailers, as well."}
{"id": "doc8647", "text": "Amazon is reportedly preparing to open more than 12 grocery stores in greater Los Angeles."}
{"id": "doc8648", "text": "According to CNBC, the e-tailer has signed leases for over a dozen brick-and-mortar retail stores in Los Angeles-area locations including Woodland Hills, Studio City, and Irvine. The stores will operate separately from Amazon’s Whole Foods grocery chain and measure about 35,000-sq.-ft."}
{"id": "doc8649", "text": "Following up on an initial report in the Wall Street Journal, CNBC said Amazon plans to open other grocery stores in San Francisco, Seattle, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia. Some of the stores located in Southern California may open before the end of this year. "}
{"id": "doc8650", "text": "Amazon has been expanding its physical presence with brick-and-mortar initiative such as Amazon Go cashierless stores and curated Amazon 4-star stores."}
{"id": "doc8651", "text": "It is unclear how the new grocery stores will be branded. Amazon declined comment. To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc8652", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars is coming to a metro region in New Mexico."}
{"id": "doc8653", "text": "Carvana is launching as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in the Santa Fe, New Mexico, area. In as little as 10 minutes, customers can shop more than 15,000 vehicles on the Carvana site, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc8654", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc8655", "text": "“As we grow our presence in the southwest, Santa Fe is instrumental in bringing our transparent car buying solution to more and more customers,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We look forward to now offering as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery to Santa Fe residents, and increasing our presence in a state that has welcomed us for nearly three years.”"}
{"id": "doc8656", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in 148 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not Santa Fe) offer “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases. "}
{"id": "doc8657", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars is expanding automated order fulfillment in Tennessee."}
{"id": "doc8658", "text": "Carvana is opening a “car vending machine” in Memphis. The structure stands eight stories tall and holds 27 vehicles. The vending machine is designed to offer a fast and convenient pickup option for customers who purchase a vehicle on the Carvana platform."}
{"id": "doc8659", "text": "In as little as 10 minutes, customers can shop more than 15,000 vehicles on the site, finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day pickup at the car vending site or home delivery of that vehicle. (Area residents can also sell their current vehicle to Carvana regardless of whether they are purchasing a replacement.)"}
{"id": "doc8660", "text": "Customers who decide to pick up their car at the vending kiosk are greeted by a customer “advocate” and receive a commemorative, oversized Carvana coin to activate the vending process. They then watch as their vehicle descends the all-glass tower. The process takes only minutes, according to the company. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc8661", "text": "Memphis is the second Carvana car vending machine location in Tennessee (Carvana opened its first car vending machine in Nashville in 2014) and the 23rd in the U.S., joining counterparts in Texas, Florida, Maryland, Arizona, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, California, and Oklahoma. The retailer also offers as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in more than 130 cities across the country."}
{"id": "doc8662", "text": "“Since 2016, we have offered Memphis residents the new way to buy a car with a great vehicle selection, at great prices and great customer service,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We anticipate Memphis will enjoy our signature Car Vending Machine pickup experience, and we’re looking forward to providing this additional option to our area customers.” "}
{"id": "doc8663", "text": "Carvana is providing soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery to three new markets in Minnesota and one in Wisconsin."}
{"id": "doc8664", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars, Carvana has launched operations in the Minnesota metro markets of St. Cloud, Mankato, and Rochester; as well as in Eau Claire, Wis. Carvana allows customers to shop more than 15,000 vehicles on its site in as little as 10 minutes, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc8665", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc8666", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next day delivery in 153 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not any of its four newest) offer “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases."}
{"id": "doc8667", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8668", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc8669", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars is bringing its newest automated order fulfillment location to Florida."}
{"id": "doc8670", "text": "Carvana is opening a “car vending machine” in Miami. The structure stands eight stories tall and holds 27 vehicles. The vending machine is designed to offer a fast and convenient pickup option for customers who purchase a vehicle on the Carvana platform."}
{"id": "doc8671", "text": "In as little as 10 minutes, customers can shop more than 15,000 vehicles on the site, finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day pickup at the car vending site or home delivery of that vehicle. (Area residents can also sell their current vehicle to Carvana regardless of whether they are purchasing a replacement.)"}
{"id": "doc8672", "text": "Customers who decide to pick up their car at the vending kiosk are greeted by a customer “advocate” and receive a commemorative, oversized Carvana coin to activate the vending process. They then watch as their vehicle descends the all-glass tower. The process takes only minutes, according to the company. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc8673", "text": "Miami is the fourth Carvana car vending machine location in Florida and the 24th in the U.S., joining counterparts in Texas, Tennessee, Maryland, Arizona, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, California, and Oklahoma. "}
{"id": "doc8674", "text": "“We launched as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in Miami in 2016, and continue to grow our presence as this vibrant city continues to grow,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We are confident Miami area residents will enjoy the unique, one-of-a-kind experience our newest Car Vending Machine offers.”"}
{"id": "doc8675", "text": "In addition, Carvana has also recently started providing soon-as-next-day delivery to the California metro areas of Chico, Hanford, Madera, Napa, and Yuba City. Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in 158 markets across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc8676", "text": "An upscale department store chain and a specialty beauty retailer are promoting local stores on Google."}
{"id": "doc8677", "text": "In time for the holiday season, Google is rolling out two new omnichannel features designed to connect online shoppers to local brick-and-mortar stores: Local campaigns and shopping campaigns. "}
{"id": "doc8678", "text": "Local campaigns are specifically designed to help retailers drive visits to their physical store locations. In the coming weeks, retailers will be able to feature their brick-and-mortar locations on Google Maps as users get directions to a destination. In just a few taps, they can add a participating retailer’s store as a stop along their route."}
{"id": "doc8679", "text": "With local campaigns, retailers can also promote brick-and-mortar locations as shoppers browse content in the Google Display network, with a curated selection of products a local store carries in a visual, catalog-like experience."}
{"id": "doc8680", "text": "Saks Fifth Avenue piloted local campaigns during the 2018 holiday season. Using a randomized, controlled geo-experiment, Saks Fifth Avenue saw a statistically significant, incremental lift in store sales and an incremental offline return-on-ad-spend of 7.7x. The retailer is now expanding local campaigns to promote more of its store locations."}
{"id": "doc8681", "text": "Sephora also conducted a randomized, controlled geo-experiment and found that local campaigns helped drive a statistically significant, incremental lift in store sales. For every dollar invested into local campaigns, Sephora generated a positive incremental return-on-ad-spend."}
{"id": "doc8682", "text": "Google is also introducing shopping campaigns, which include the Google Shopping e-commerce experience https://chainstoreage.com/google-ups-ante-amazon-marketplace-competition and local inventory ads that map online offers to nearby physical stores. The new shopping campaigns also feature an expanded in-store pickup feature that allows retailers to display what products are available for immediate store pickup, with the option of paying online first. Retailers can also promote products that may not be available in store immediately, but can be quickly shipped to a nearby store within a few days. Google is currently running a beta, and accepting applications. "}
{"id": "doc8683", "text": "In the coming weeks, Google will enable retailers to pick the shopping campaigns where they would like to include store visits as a conversion goal alongside online sales."}
{"id": "doc8684", "text": "An e-tail giant and a luxury fashion brand are curating an online assortment and shopping experience that honor Women’s History Month."}
{"id": "doc8685", "text": "Coinciding with both Women’s History Month in March and International Women’s Day (Sunday, March 8), Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge. Through the new collaborative Amazon x #InCharge site, customers will be able to read the stories of inspiring women business owners, shop their products, and see DVF founder Diane von Furstenberg’s favorite books by female authors."}
{"id": "doc8686", "text": "A few of the female-owned businesses that will be featured include Cora, OBIA Naturals, and PiperWai. The product assortment varies from women’s health ad beauty care items to apparel to personal electronics. The site also features select branded “Women In Charge” products, such as totes, jewelry and T-shirts, from DVF."}
{"id": "doc8687", "text": "In addition, Amazon is offering a curated collection of items from female artisans on its Amazon Handmade microsite for handcrafted items and featuring women-owned startups on its Amazon Launchpad marketplace."}
{"id": "doc8688", "text": "“I am thrilled to work with Amazon to highlight women-led businesses and share their stories with millions of Amazon customers in celebration of International Women’s Day. As part of this first-of-its kind initiative, I’m also excited to launch an exclusive collection of #InCharge merchandise available to Amazon customers during Women’s History Month,” said Diane von Furstenberg."}
{"id": "doc8689", "text": "DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment. The collaboration includes The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF New York flagship store throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc8690", "text": "Mastercard is also placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc8691", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is using augmented reality (AR) to provide digital discovery and engagement to shoppers at its Manhattan flagship."}
{"id": "doc8692", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is partnering with Mastercard to enhance the in-store experience for customers and deliver intelligent insights to store associates. By integrating Mastercard digital retail technology in its flagship store, DVF is providing customers who scan QR codes with targeted product recommendations and enhanced information. "}
{"id": "doc8693", "text": "By scanning QR codes that are located throughout the store, shoppers can gain access to digital promotional and storytelling content, as well as additional product information. In addition, customers visiting the flagship’s in-store art gallery can leverage computer vision technology to use their mobile device to learn more information about displayed works."}
{"id": "doc8694", "text": "In addition, Mastercard digital technology provides store associates with visibility to overall performance against specific commercial KPIs, object recognition via device to more easily share product information, and recommendations based on time of day, day of week, product demand, and other variables. "}
{"id": "doc8695", "text": "“Connecting is really important, especially if you want to be a brand that stands out to consumers today,” said Diane von Furstenberg, founder of DVF. “With this technology, DVF has the unique opportunity to bring our customers on a journey, allowing them access to content that brings them closer to our brand story. We are thrilled to partner with the team at Mastercard to create a truly unique experience within our flagship store.”"}
{"id": "doc8696", "text": "The partnership will also drive dialogue and engagement through The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF flagship throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc8697", "text": "As part of the larger partnership, Mastercard is placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc8698", "text": "“We’re excited to be partnering with an iconic brand like DVF to further drive the dialogue around women’s empowerment and leverage our latest technology to make every in-store interaction unique and meaningful,” said Linda Kirkpatrick, president of U.S. issuers, Mastercard."}
{"id": "doc8699", "text": "DVF has been focusing on creating in-store omnichannel experiences for the past 18 months. In February 2020, the retailer said it would streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone, via partnership with NewStore and Salesforce."}
{"id": "doc8700", "text": "In addition, in September 2018, DVF teamed up with Salesforce to use the company’s cloud-based platform to develop and launch DVF 360, a digital experience that takes online and in-store shoppers on a virtual tour of the brand. "}
{"id": "doc8701", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is streamlining order management and customer service with iPhones."}
{"id": "doc8702", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) will implement the NewStore omnichannel platform in its retail stores globally later in 2020. The platform will complement its existing Salesforce Commerce Cloud-based e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc8703", "text": "Specifically, DVF intends to streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone. At the same time, the company will optimize inventory management and store fulfillment, lifting the responsibility from store associates with automation."}
{"id": "doc8704", "text": "DVF will implement all NewStore Omnichannel Platform solutions, including applications for endless aisle, clienteling, store fulfillment, inventory management, mobile checkout, and omnichannel insights."}
{"id": "doc8705", "text": "Enhancing DVFs point of service system is a significant priority for the future of our business, and after extensive due diligence it became clear that NewStore was the premium choice for our brand, said Sandra Campos, CEO, Diane von Furstenberg. Their ability to offer innovative solutions across omnichannel, inventory management and data capture allow for a faster, more customer-centric experience. We are pleased to roll out this system across DVFs global store footprint."}
{"id": "doc8706", "text": "Vertical snowboarding products retailer Burton Snowboards also recently decided to deploy the NewStore omnichannel platform across its 70-store global footprint to streamline front- and back-end operations using iPhones. Burton intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app."}
{"id": "doc8707", "text": "DVF has a global distribution network in over 100 countries and with over 450 points of sale, including 86 corporate-owned and partnered stores throughout North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific. "}
{"id": "doc8708", "text": "Amazon is reportedly purchasing a digital health startup to help provide Amazon Care services."}
{"id": "doc8709", "text": "According to CNBC, the e-tail titan has purchased Chicago-based Health Navigator for an undisclosed sum. Health Navigator provides tools that enable telemedicine providers to remotely diagnose symptoms and perform triage to help determine whether patients should see a doctor, go directly to a hospital, or stay home. "}
{"id": "doc8710", "text": "Neither Amazon nor Health Navigator has publicly confirmed the acquisition, but Amazon acknowledged the purchase to CNBC. Health Navigator will presumably be folded into Amazon Care, an employee health program the retailer quietly launched in September 2019. Currently being piloted for eligible Amazon workers and their families in Seattle, Amazon Care is designed to be a “first stop” healthcare provider for urgent issues such as colds, allergies, infections, and minor injuries. Amazon Care can also provide preventative heath consults, vaccines and lab work; sexual health services; and answers to general family health questions."}
{"id": "doc8711", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc8712", "text": "Amazon employees at its Seattle headquarters reportedly now have full access to the Amazon Care virtual health service."}
{"id": "doc8713", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon has quietly moved Amazon Care from pilot phase into full rollout for eligible workers and their dependents at its corporate headquarters who live in certain ZIP codes. Amazon initially piloted Amazon Care for headquarters employees in fall 2019. The program, delivered by a dedicated mobile app, includes virtual care, in-person nurse visits at home or office, and home prescription delivery."}
{"id": "doc8714", "text": "According to the Amazon Care website, the service is designed to be a “first stop” healthcare provider for urgent issues such as colds, allergies, infections, and minor injuries. Amazon Care can also provide preventative heath consults, vaccines and lab work; sexual health services such as contraception and sexually transmitted infection testing; and answers to general family health questions."}
{"id": "doc8715", "text": "Omnichannel care options include in-app text chat with a nurse on any health topic; in-app video visits with a doctor or nurse practitioner; a mobile care nurse who can provide in-person exams, testing or treatment; and courier delivery of prescribed medications to an employee’s home or office."}
{"id": "doc8716", "text": "“Amazon Care eliminates travel and wait time, connecting employees and their family members to a physician or nurse practitioner through live chat or video, with the option for in-person follow up services from a registered nurse ranging from immunizations to instant strep throat detection,” an Amazon spokesperson told CNBC. "}
{"id": "doc8717", "text": "Currently, Amazon Care operates Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Saturday and Sunday 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oasis Medical provides Amazon Care medical services, which do not include emergency medical services."}
{"id": "doc8718", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc8719", "text": "Amazon is reportedly preparing to open more than 12 grocery stores in greater Los Angeles."}
{"id": "doc8720", "text": "According to CNBC, the e-tailer has signed leases for over a dozen brick-and-mortar retail stores in Los Angeles-area locations including Woodland Hills, Studio City, and Irvine. The stores will operate separately from Amazon’s Whole Foods grocery chain and measure about 35,000-sq.-ft."}
{"id": "doc8721", "text": "Following up on an initial report in the Wall Street Journal, CNBC said Amazon plans to open other grocery stores in San Francisco, Seattle, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia. Some of the stores located in Southern California may open before the end of this year. "}
{"id": "doc8722", "text": "Amazon has been expanding its physical presence with brick-and-mortar initiative such as Amazon Go cashierless stores and curated Amazon 4-star stores."}
{"id": "doc8723", "text": "It is unclear how the new grocery stores will be branded. Amazon declined comment. To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc8724", "text": "Walgreens Boots Alliance saw its shares pop on Tuesday after reports that it is exploring going private. "}
{"id": "doc8725", "text": "The drug-store giant has held preliminary discussions with some of the world’s largest private equity firms about putting together what would be the biggest ever leveraged buyout, Reuters reported. Walgreens, which has a market value of more than $55 billion, operates Walgreens in the U.S. and Boots pharmacies in the U.K. and Europe."}
{"id": "doc8726", "text": "The report comes amid increased competition in the drug store and consumer health care space. Walgreens’ rival CVS Health, which last year bought Aetna, the nation’s third largest health insurance company, is rolling out new formats with a health-and-wellness focus. In September, Walmart opened its first freestanding facility dedicated to health care. "}
{"id": "doc8727", "text": "Walgreens has selected investment bank Evercore Partners Inc. to explore whether a deal can be put together, the report said. "}
{"id": "doc8728", "text": "To read the full Reuters story, click here. "}
{"id": "doc8729", "text": "Retailers see high potential value in artificial intelligence (AI), but also a number of challenges."}
{"id": "doc8730", "text": "According to retailer-specific findings of the “Living in an AI World 2020 Report,” a KPMG survey of 751 executives across industries including retail, 85% of respondents believe AI has the potential to significantly improve organizational efficiencies. However, only slightly more than half (52%) say AI adoption is at least moderately functional in their organization, while 51% say retail is ahead of the curve in AI adoption."}
{"id": "doc8731", "text": "Although about two-thirds (64%) of respondents say the use of AI to help business is more hype than reality right now, 80% say AI technology such as chatbots and self-checkout is regularly being used to alleviate customer service issues."}
{"id": "doc8732", "text": "Looking ahead to what benefits respondents think AI will deliver in retail within the next two years, the most popular response was customer intelligence (56%), followed by self-checkout (55%), chatbots (45%), supply chain planning (44%), and marketing/advertising (43%)."}
{"id": "doc8733", "text": "Respondents also see a number of challenges and issues that must be overcome before retail can fully realize the advantages of AI. These include:"}
{"id": "doc8734", "text": "•    Lack of employee support for AI adoption (74%).•    Workforce concerns over AI taking away jobs (62%).•    Executive concerns over AI taking away jobs (54%).•    Lack of AI training (48%).•    Lack of employee preparation for AI adoption (57%). "}
{"id": "doc8735", "text": "The human factor has a surprisingly big influence on Gen Z purchase decisions."}
{"id": "doc8736", "text": "According to the “Z-Tail Report,” a survey of over 1,000 U.S. consumers age 18-24 from workflow platform Retail Zipline, only 7% of respondents look to celebrities for style inspiration. More than half (56%) do not simulate trends they see on Instagram in their own style. "}
{"id": "doc8737", "text": "However, 69% of respondents will take fashion advice from store associates when shopping in stores, and 41% will engage with a particular sales associate if they like what they are wearing When asked what would prompt them to shop repeatedly at one specific brand, 19% of respondents said genuine relationships with specific store associates."}
{"id": "doc8738", "text": "Respondents are also interested in how store associates are treated by their employers. More than eight in 10 (82%) respondents are more likely to buy from a brand that uses ethical business practices. Of those respondents, 66% list fair treatment of employees as a key motivator. This exceeds the percentage of ethically motivated respondents who value eco-friendly packaging (59%), ethical sourcing (50%), donating profits to charity (48%), and vegan products (24%)."}
{"id": "doc8739", "text": "In another indicator “constantly connected” Gen Z shoppers look beyond technology, 46% of respondents said that mobile payments in stores, such as Venmo or Apple Pay, don’t appeal to them. Additionally, when asked what interaction they prefer with sales associates, the leading preference is a hands-on approach (65%), as opposed to a hands-off approach where they only assist when service is requested (35%). "}
{"id": "doc8740", "text": "Other notable findings include:"}
{"id": "doc8741", "text": "•    58% of respondents prefer to shop in stores that have a longstanding presence in a particular location.•    Only 11% choose to shop in stores that exist for a limited time, such as pop-ups."}
{"id": "doc8742", "text": "•    60% of women and 64% of men are more likely to shop from brands with a commitment to keep photos minimally photoshopped. •    41% of women and 25% of men prefer brands that use plus-sized models.•    48% of women and 29% of men prefer brands that showcase multi-racial models.•    Just 14% of women and 18% of men are influenced by celebrity endorsements."}
{"id": "doc8743", "text": "The nation’s largest bridal retailer is focusing its customer service efforts on mobile messaging."}
{"id": "doc8744", "text": "David’s Bridal is debuting Zoey, a new mobile concierge bot. Based on the LiveEngage conversational platform from LivePerson, Zoey enables customers to connect with David’s Bridal by using the Messages app on Apple devices through Apple Business Chat. Within LiveEngage, LivePersons artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities help human agents and bots to provide personalized consumer service at scale."}
{"id": "doc8745", "text": "The retailer is also using the new chat suggestions feature in iOS 13, which offers the option to start a Business Chat conversation when a customer taps to call Davids Bridal customer service. If the user chooses to message instead of call, a conversation with Zoey will open instantly in the Messages app. Apple Business Chat also allows customers to seamlessly pick up conversations where they left off."}
{"id": "doc8746", "text": "Combining automated technology with real people, Zoey aids customers in performing tasks such as booking appointments, texting with stylists to resolve questions or get advice, and place secure orders. David’s Bridal is launching Zoey as mobile messaging has come to represent more than 50% of its total contact center traffic."}
{"id": "doc8747", "text": "According to David’s Bridal, switching from voice calls to messaging has led to increases in customer service and operational efficiency metrics, including:"}
{"id": "doc8748", "text": "•    41% of customers opted to use messaging versus waiting on hold.•    Messaging trended over 60 net promoter score (NPS).•    Achieved 90% first call resolution compared to 73% on voice channel.•    Reduced contact center operating costs by over 30%.•    Shifted 30% of appointment booking phone traffic out of stores, freeing up employees to focus on in-person interactions."}
{"id": "doc8749", "text": "Following the success of introducing the messaging option to our customers, we knew wed hit on something special, said Holly Carroll, VP, customer service & contact center operations at Davids Bridal. In fact, our customers loved the Apple Business chat option so much that, as we saw their feedback roll in, we decided to replace our email address with the option to message and accelerate our rollout of the feature. Introducing Zoey as a personalized concierge experience was the logical next step to help our customers at every stage of their event journey so they can focus on enjoying every moment of their once-in-a-lifetime experiences."}
{"id": "doc8750", "text": "David’s Bridal says it will continue to evolve Zoey over time, including adding the ability to connect customers with partners across the entire event planning ecosystem to provide a one-stop shopping experience. The company operates more than 300 stores located across the U.S., Canada, U.K., and franchise locations in Mexico."}
{"id": "doc8751", "text": "Retailers are lagging well behind customer preferences when it comes to in-store technology."}
{"id": "doc8752", "text": "According to “The Future of Retail,” a new study from Boston Retail Partners (BRP), 48% of customers are likely to prefer a retailer offering proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store. Thirty-two percent of customers are likely to choose a retailer offering an augmented reality (AR) experience over one not offering it, and more than five in 10 consumers (57%) would choose a store offering an automated returns process or self-checkout with an app (55%) over a store that did not provide these technology-enabled features."}
{"id": "doc8753", "text": "However, BRP data indicates most retailers have not yet responded to customer desires for these emerging in-store technology offerings. Only one in 10 retailers offer proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store, and a mere 2% offer an augmented reality (AR) experience as a means of customer service. A slightly higher percentage provide self-checkout via app (14%) or an automated returns process (13%)."}
{"id": "doc8754", "text": "The study also reveals low levels of retailer adoption of other leading-edge in-store technologies, such as in-store real-time order visibility (18%), artificial intelligence (AI) such as digital assistants and chatbots (7%), and facial recognition sensors. Close to three in 10 (28%) retailers do offer an in-store product locator app (28%). "}
{"id": "doc8755", "text": "Looking ahead, a fair number of retailers plan to implement these technologies in their stores in the next two years, with one notable exception:"}
{"id": "doc8756", "text": "•    Real-time order status visibility (41%)•    Self-checkout app (39%)•    Product locator app (33%)•    Proximity-triggered mobile coupons (39%)•    AI (50%)•    Facial recognition sensors (2%)•    AR (27%)•    Automated pickup (36%)•    Automated returns (25%)"}
{"id": "doc8757", "text": "Instacart is introducing a virtual community for its customers."}
{"id": "doc8758", "text": "The on-demand grocery delivery platform is launching Shop Talk, a virtual community designed to bring shoppers and the company together. Within Shop Talk, customers will be able to discuss anything related to Instacart. This includes giving or receiving advice to and from other shoppers, asking questions of Instacart, and publicly sharing shopping experiences. "}
{"id": "doc8759", "text": "Along with discussion opportunities, shoppers can also leave direct feedback about the Instacart app in the form of “Shopper Ideas.” The ideas that receive enough upvotes from the community will be presented directly to the Instacart team on a quarterly basis for consideration to be incorporated into the app. Other features include shopper groups that enable users to discuss specific issues in a smaller setting, a collection of profiles of real Instacart shoppers called “Bravocado,” and badges that can be earned for reaching milestones such as number of posts or how much advice they have offered."}
{"id": "doc8760", "text": "Instacart shoppers are picking and packing from the aisles of tens of thousands of grocery stores across North America every day,” said Sean Twersky, senior director of operations at Instacart. “Each of those shopping experiences is an invaluable opportunity for us to listen, learn, and use feedback to develop a better shopper experience. With Shop Talk, were providing an online community where shoppers can engage with each other and the broader Instacart community."}
{"id": "doc8761", "text": "Shop Talk has been piloted with a select group of shoppers over the past several months, resulting in an active user base that Instacart says is more than triple the average for similar virtual communities. Shoppers spend an average of almost an hour a month in Shop Talk, viewing an average of more than five pages in each visit. "}
{"id": "doc8762", "text": "Along with Shop Talk, Instacart is introducing other new resources for shoppers, including the addition of new lessons to Carrot Academy, its online resource for shopper learning on relevant shopper-focused topics. These new lessons join existing subjects on picking high-quality items, making replacements, and communicating with customers. The Carrot Academy library now includes more than 15 optional lessons to help shoppers learn best practices."}
{"id": "doc8763", "text": "Instacart has also refreshed its shopper website, shoppers.instacart.com, to highlight the unique reasons shoppers choose to shop with Instacart and feature members of the shopper community who wish to share their story."}
{"id": "doc8764", "text": "Instacart delivers from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in the U.S. and Canada."}
{"id": "doc8765", "text": "An on-demand delivery platform and a Southeastern grocery powerhouse are seamlessly offering specialty deli items."}
{"id": "doc8766", "text": "Instacart is partnering with Publix Super Markets to test Instacart Meals, a new solution for online ordering, delivery and pickup of made-to-order food. The launch marks Instacarts move into grocery meal delivery."}
{"id": "doc8767", "text": "As a first step before wider rollout of Instacart Meals, Instacart has collaborated with Publix to introduce the service with a new digital deli counter offering a “build your own sub” feature. Instacart Meals will roll out to Publix locations across Florida in the coming weeks and to nearly all Publix stores across the Southeast in the months ahead, following a Florida pilot."}
{"id": "doc8768", "text": "The new service plugs directly into Publix’s ordering system, enabling store employees to receive orders through its existing infrastructure. Instacart shoppers can then visit the counter and pick up items. When customers add a made-to-order meal to their cart, Instacart Meals automatically offers all applicable combo options and discounts, enabling customers to obtain any deals and savings available in-store. "}
{"id": "doc8769", "text": "“Made-to-order food counters are among the fastest growing aisles in the grocery store — these items represent up to 15% of sales for our grocery partners and have among the highest margins of anything sold in-store,” said Nilam Ganenthiran, president, Instacart. Its critical that our grocery partners are able to capture these sales online with delivery and pickup — its a boost to their business and a key part of the shopping experience for customers."}
{"id": "doc8770", "text": "At Publix, were always looking for ways to ensure our customers have the best experience possible, both in our stores and online,” said Maria Brous, Publix director of communications. “With Instacart, its easier than ever for our customers to get prepared subs fast — the way they want — delivered along with their grocery essentials.”"}
{"id": "doc8771", "text": "Instacart Meals comes on the heels of Instacart expanding its alcohol delivery offering with retail partners such as Sam’s Club."}
{"id": "doc8772", "text": "Instacart has partnered with more than 350 national, regional and local retailers to deliver from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in North America. Publix operates more than 1,200 stores in Alabama, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia."}
{"id": "doc8773", "text": "Walmart is now bringing groceries right to customer fridges in select markets."}
{"id": "doc8774", "text": "The discount giant has rolled out a pilot of InHome Delivery, a service that delivers fresh groceries and everyday items directly to refrigerators located inside customer kitchens or garages. Customers with eligible addresses in the Kansas City, (Missouri and Kansas), Pittsburgh, and Vero Beach, Florida markets can select a kitchen or garage fridge as their delivery spot. "}
{"id": "doc8775", "text": "Participating customers pay $49.95 for a smart device that fits into their door lock or serves as a garage door opener, with free professional installation. When customers order InHome Delivery service, a specially trained Walmart associate (who goes through four background checks) shops for their groceries and uses smart entry technology and a proprietary, wearable camera to enter their home."}
{"id": "doc8776", "text": "Deliveries are live streamed to the customer’s phone from the time the door is unlocked until the associate leaves and locks the door again. Walmart covers the customer’s home for up to $1 million in any damages that are caused during delivery."}
{"id": "doc8777", "text": "Membership is $19.99 per month, with first month free. There is a minimum order of $30 for the service. Associates bring products in special packs designed to keep items safe and cool, eliminating the need for the customer to clean up any extra packaging. Walmart says that soon, InHome Delivery customers will be able to return walmart.com items by leaving them on their kitchen counter without labels, boxes or return fees."}
{"id": "doc8778", "text": "Walmart is offering direct-to-fridge deliveries in the wake of Amazon rolling out some of the main features of its “smart entry” program, Amazon Key, to Prime members nationwide. The program’s primary feature, in-home deliveries, uses a smart lock to allow Amazon to make deliveries inside a customer’s front door or garage. Entry and exit video clips that allow customers to view motion video clips of a person entering or leaving their home when the door is locked or unlocked."}
{"id": "doc8779", "text": "“We’re obsessed with simplifying grocery shopping and finding ways to make our customers’ lives easier,” Bart Stein, senior VP of membership and InHome at Walmart, said in a blog post announcing the service’s launch. “That’s why InHome goes the extra step so that our customers can live their lives without worrying about making it to the store or being home to accept a delivery.”"}
{"id": "doc8780", "text": "Providing a brand purpose takes effort, but pays dividends."}
{"id": "doc8781", "text": "According to a new study of 19,000 consumers age 18-73 in 28 countries from IBM and the National Retail Federation (NRF), one-third of all respondents will stop buying their preferred products if they lose trust in the brand. One-third of consumers have already stopped purchasing their longtime, favorite brands in 2019. "}
{"id": "doc8782", "text": "However, respondents of all ages and incomes pay much higher premiums for products aligned with their personal beliefs. On average, 70% of purpose-driven shoppers pay an added premium of 35% more per upfront cost for sustainable purchases, such as recycled or eco-friendly goods. Almost six in 10 (57%) are even willing to change their purchasing habits to help reduce negative environmental impact. "}
{"id": "doc8783", "text": "Furthermore, 79% of all respondents said it is important for brands to provide guaranteed authenticity, like certifications, when theyre purchasing goods. Within this group, 71% are willing to pay an added average premium of 37% for companies offering full transparency and traceability."}
{"id": "doc8784", "text": "At the same time, seven in 10 consumers now shop in micro-moments,” meaning they shop simultaneously while conducting their daily tasks."}
{"id": "doc8785", "text": "Shoppers today show an increased willingness to pay premiums for products that align with their values,” said Mark Mathews, VP, research development & industry analysis, NRF. “The studys findings show that todays retailers need to be proactive in evaluating and understanding what drives current and future core buyers while still boosting margins for their business."}
{"id": "doc8786", "text": "Almost half of consumers have used voice search to search for products in the past month."}
{"id": "doc8787", "text": "According to consumer survey data exclusively provided to Chain Store Age by The Manifest, 48% of respondents have searched for products with a voice-enabled device such as their phone or a smart speaker in the previous 30 days. The most popular product categories for voice search are:"}
{"id": "doc8788", "text": "•    Electronics (22%)•    Clothing (19%)•    Accessories (e.g., shoes, bags, jewelry, belts) (16%)•    Business services (16%)•    Health & beauty products (15%)•    Books (11%)"}
{"id": "doc8789", "text": "In additional published findings, the survey found more than half of voice search users (53%) use it at least once a week. People are more likely to use voice search to search for products, services, and information (60%) than to communicate with other people (20%) or issue commands (20%). "}
{"id": "doc8790", "text": "The top three types of information people use voice search to find out include facts such as trivia and term definitions (62%), the weather (46%), and the news (32%). "}
{"id": "doc8791", "text": "The survey also found that different age groups use voice search differently: Interestingly, voice search users ages 35 and older (64%) are more likely to use voice search to search for products/services than younger users ages 18-34 (47%). Meanwhile, younger voice search users ages 18-34 are the most likely to use voice search to issue commands (30%), compared to users ages 35 and older (17%). "}
{"id": "doc8792", "text": "The Manifest surveyed 501 U.S. residents who use voice search with a voice-enabled device. "}
{"id": "doc8793", "text": "Although Black Friday and Cyber Monday don’t occur until late November and early December, many shoppers are preparing now. "}
{"id": "doc8794", "text": "According to our latest holiday shopping study at Bazaarvoice, mid-October to early November is peak research time for holiday shoppers. Last year, starting around Columbus Day (Oct. 8 in 2018), there was a sustained 8% spike in user-generated content (UGC) interaction rate across our network of more than 6,200 brand and retailer websites, meaning that shoppers were engaging with customer ratings, reviews, and visual content on product pages."}
{"id": "doc8795", "text": "Recently the National Retail Federation published its 2019 holiday forecast, identifying an expected increase of between 3.8% to 4.2% in holiday retail sales this upcoming November and December. Brands and retailers should be working to gather all types of user-generated content in advance of the major sales days during that time like Black Friday and Cyber Monday. "}
{"id": "doc8796", "text": "More than one-third (38%) of our holiday shopping survey respondents said their biggest complaint about shopping online during the holidays was that it was difficult to decide between brands and product options, and almost half (43%) said they have returned a holiday gift to exchange it for a different size, color, or other variation. By consulting their fellow shoppers’ reviews and photos, both of these issues can potentially be avoided, as shoppers can ensure a product will meet their expectations. "}
{"id": "doc8797", "text": "Along with an increase in interaction with UGC, the number of customer questions submitted to our clients also begins to increase in mid-October. Responding to these customer questions (and reviews) can help shoppers make more informed, quicker decisions. "}
{"id": "doc8798", "text": "In 2018, our best-in-class clients saw a 114% lift in conversion and a 120% lift in revenue per visitor or higher when shoppers engaged with product page Q&A. Especially with the influx of questions you will probably receive during this research-heavy period, it’s important to have a strategy for how you interact with consumer reviews and questions."}
{"id": "doc8799", "text": "In addition to collecting new UGC, brands should prioritize responding to existing customer reviews and questions in a timely, helpful manner. Below are a few of our best practices for collecting and responding to UGC."}
{"id": "doc8800", "text": "Simply askStart by sending an email to your CRM list to request ratings and reviews for products your customers have purchased in the past. No CRM list? Especially if you are not a direct-to-consumer brand, start including a call for reviews on your products’ packaging or the product’s registration card. "}
{"id": "doc8801", "text": "You can also send out an automated post-interaction email to follow up a few days after someone makes a purchase, asking for their feedback and photos of them using or wearing your product. "}
{"id": "doc8802", "text": "Meet your customers on social mediaIt’s likely that your customers are already talking about your brand and your products on social media. To join this conversation, run a promotion or sweepstakes on social media, offering your customers a chance to win a prize or free product in exchange for submitting an honest review. For visual UGC, you can also launch a hashtag campaign. "}
{"id": "doc8803", "text": "Choose a clever and relevant hashtag for one of your products or lines, and ask your customers to tag their photos with the hashtag and your handle. Then, you can easily gather your customers’ photos (with their permission!) and display them on your website or marketing assets."}
{"id": "doc8804", "text": "Roll out a sampling campaignOffer a group of your customers a free product in exchange for honest reviews. This is a quick and reliable way to accelerate UGC collection while also building customer engagement and loyalty. "}
{"id": "doc8805", "text": "Allot time and resources for thoughtful responsesBest practice response time for product reviews is two to five days, while it’s best to respond to all questions within two business days. Expect to spend one hour for every 50 reviews you encounter - this includes time for research, writing, and editing your responses. "}
{"id": "doc8806", "text": "Avoid canned responses, as they feel impersonal and unhelpful, and, worst of all, customers see right through them. Make sure to mix up the language you use and add a personal touch by using the customer’s name in your response."}
{"id": "doc8807", "text": "Prioritize responding to negative ratings and reviewsRatings and reviews between one and three stars should be tended to first. Even though these ratings are low, this is a good opportunity to show the reviewer, and the researching shoppers who come across the review, that you see and genuinely listen to customer feedback, and you are doing what you can to right the issue. "}
{"id": "doc8808", "text": "According to our annual research, 64% of shoppers consider ratings and reviews, consumer-submitted questions and answers, and consumer photos important elements of their shopping experience. UGC is critical during the pre-holiday sales research period, and a strong strategy for generating and responding to UGC throughout the holiday shopping season allows your brand to put its best foot forward with shoppers. "}
{"id": "doc8809", "text": "Joe Rohrlich is chief revenue officer of Bazaarvoice."}
{"id": "doc8810", "text": "To win the hearts of customers, e-commerce retailers need to minimize one particular cost."}
{"id": "doc8811", "text": "According to the fourth annual “Reimagining Commerce” global survey from omnichannel marketing platform provider Episerver, a leading 76% of respondents would be dissuaded from making a planned online purchase if shipping was too expensive. This response was significantly more popular than the next two most popular reasons – slow website load times (57%) and bad product descriptions (52%)."}
{"id": "doc8812", "text": "Not surprisingly considering attitudes toward shipping cost, a substantial majority of consumers now expect free online shipping. Breaking down responses by country, the study found that 82% of U.S. consumers expect free shipping (the most of any country surveyed). Free returns (55%) and ability to track shipments (51%) followed."}
{"id": "doc8813", "text": "Other key findings taken from global responses include:"}
{"id": "doc8814", "text": "•    53% of those who said they shop online every day rely on their smartphones. Of the most frequent shoppers (once per day), nearly half (48%) have significantly increased their reliance on their smartphones for shopping in the last year. •    Well over half of millennials (58%) default to smartphones when shopping online, followed by Gen Z at 49%, Gen X at 48% and baby boomers at just 18%. "}
{"id": "doc8815", "text": "•    On average, one-fifth of consumers have made purchases directly because of a social media influencer’s product post. But 50% of Gen Z shoppers and 48% of millennials have purchased products either directly by clicking on a post or later on as a result of the influencer’s endorsement. "}
{"id": "doc8816", "text": "•    62% of respondents feel that companies should place the same priority on personalized experiences in 2020 as they did in 2019. At the same time, 25% feel that brands and retailers should make respecting their anonymity online a higher priority. "}
{"id": "doc8817", "text": "•    Over 80% of respondents in each of the five countries surveyed said they’re most likely to be on the couch when shopping online."}
{"id": "doc8818", "text": "“Reimagining Commerce” is based on a survey of more than 4,500 online shoppers across the U.S., U.K., Australia, Germany, and Sweden."}
{"id": "doc8819", "text": "The world’s largest sporting goods retailer has reportedly suffered a widescale security breach."}
{"id": "doc8820", "text": "According to VPNMentor, an active database containing over 123 million records from France-based Decathlon Group has been leaking data. The database, which holds more than 9 GB of information and runs on an ElasticSearch server, reportedly stores detailed data on Decathlon employees as well as some customer information. Decathlon operates over 1,600 stores in 49 countries, including two U.S. locations in California."}
{"id": "doc8821", "text": "VPNMentor says it detected the vulnerability on Feb. 12 as part of a “huge web mapping project” and notified Decathlon on Feb. 16. Decathlon closed the database on Feb. 17. Although it is not clear whether hackers gained access to any information stored in the database, full unencrypted logins for database administrators were also reportedly exposed."}
{"id": "doc8822", "text": "The leak reportedly includes personally identifiable information about employees, such as full names, birth dates and mobile phone numbers, as well as their corporate user names and passwords. It also includes unencrypted customer email and login data. According to VPNMentor, data regarding employees in Spain was definitely left vulnerable, with possibility that data relating to employees in the U.K. or other regions may also have been exposed."}
{"id": "doc8823", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc8824", "text": "The nation’s largest department store chain has been the victim of an online security breach."}
{"id": "doc8825", "text": "In a letter to customers, Macy’s says that on Oct. 15, 2019, it was alerted to a “suspicious connection” between the macys.com e-commerce site and another site. Based on an internal investigation, Macy’s believes that on Oct. 7, an “unauthorized third party” added malware to the checkout page and wallet page on its e-commerce site."}
{"id": "doc8826", "text": "The malware enabled unauthorized access to personal and financial data shoppers entered on these two pages, including payment card information for completed orders as well as customer first and last names, street addresses, and email addresses. This breach appears to be a “Magecart” attack, an increasingly popular form of cyberattack where hackers install JavaScript on a legitimate e-commerce site to collect card data every time a customer makes a purchase. Data from mobile customers was not compromised as part of this breach."}
{"id": "doc8827", "text": "According to Macy’s, it “quickly contacted” federal law enforcement and brought in an outside forensics firm after launching its internal investigation. The retailer says it has reported payment card numbers believed to have been compromised to Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. Macy’s has also taken unspecified steps to prevent future Magecart attacks."}
{"id": "doc8828", "text": "While Macy’s says there is “no reason” for customers to believe criminals could open fraudulent accounts in their name using information stolen in the breach, the retailer advises customers to actively monitor their payment card activity and immediately report anything suspicious. Macy’s is also offering customers whose data may have been exposed 12 free months of Experian identity restoration services. "}
{"id": "doc8829", "text": "Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is also reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack."}
{"id": "doc8830", "text": "A regional convenience retailer is migrating to a virtual store technology platform."}
{"id": "doc8831", "text": "Sheetz is standardizing its store systems on StorMagic SvSAN virtual storage area network (SAN) software. The retailer intends to virtualize and add high availability to in-store solutions at hundreds of its convenience store locations. By deploying the new hyperconverged edge solution, Sheetz has been able to minimize hardware sprawl, simplify support and administration, provide a platform for in-store technological innovation, and improve enterprise resiliency. "}
{"id": "doc8832", "text": "Sheetz previously used a collection of single-function, workstation-class devices to provide various in-store technical services. It selected SvSAN to simplify the underlying infrastructure and management of store-level applications and activities including system orchestration, credit processing, loyalty management, and its proprietary kitchen management application suite. Each store contains a two-node cluster comprised of Dell servers, VMware vSphere hypervisors, and StorMagic SvSAN standard edition. "}
{"id": "doc8833", "text": "Sheetz performed its initial proof-of-concept and extended pilot of 10 locations over 10 months, in order to get comfortable with the solution and the process to convert stores. The retailer has found the virtual system fits well in stores where no IT staff is present to administer and address failures associated with physical infrastructure."}
{"id": "doc8834", "text": "“Sheetz has been able to centrally manage multiple in-store applications quickly and affordably and drastically reduce the number of hardware failures with StorMagic,” said Scott Robertson, universal endpoint unit manager, Sheetz. “Once we decided to deploy company-wide, we were able to deploy to over 100 stores within a two-month period.  Thanks to some automated processes and the relatively seamless conversions, we’ve escalated the timeline to standardize on SvSAN across all of our convenience stores.”"}
{"id": "doc8835", "text": "Sheetz operates over 600 store locations throughout Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Virginia, Maryland, Ohio and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc8836", "text": "As part of a larger IT modernization effort, Wendy’s decided to update its existing backup and recovery infrastructure, which was based on a variety of point products from legacy providers. The backup and recovery process was so complicated that it took a full-time dedicated IT staff person to manage and troubleshoot."}
{"id": "doc8837", "text": "After the Wendy’s IT team conducted a three-month proof of concept of data management technology provider Cohesity with Computacenter, a Cohesity resale partner, results indicated backup times were reduced from 12 hours to two. Wendy’s decided to deploy Cohesity across its entire IT environment, which includes one petabyte of data, approximately 850 Linux and Windows servers, and over 700 hundred VMware virtual machines (VMs)."}
{"id": "doc8838", "text": "Wendy’s simplified administration by bringing the management of all backup data together in a single interface. This enabled the IT team to free up more than 15 hours per week of staff time (60 hours per month), which could then be spent accelerating other business-critical IT projects within the company. These efficiencies also removed the requirement for a dedicated staff person to handle troubleshooting."}
{"id": "doc8839", "text": "In addition, the retailer was able to automate processes and reduce costs. For example, when the IT team adds a new VM, it is now automatically discovered and assigned the appropriate protection policies through the Cohesity auto-protect feature and integration with VMware vSphere."}
{"id": "doc8840", "text": "Leveraring Cohesity deduplication and compression, Wendy’s was also able to achieve an 18X reduction in storage space required for backups, helping the company reduce capital expenditure costs by $60,000 per year. With plans for a hybrid IT model across the entire enterprise, Cohesity’s flexible platform will help empower Wendy’s to back up on-premises, at its colocation site, or to the cloud."}
{"id": "doc8841", "text": "“Cohesity is playing a key role in Wendy’s ongoing data management modernization efforts,” said Don Murawksi, manager, servers and storage, Wendy’s. “Cohesity simplifies backup, automates key processes, and empowers us to re-allocate staff hours to other critical IT projects. We are already considering other potential use cases for Cohesity.”"}
{"id": "doc8842", "text": "Retailers, in general, can feel good about the 2019 holiday shopping season. According to MasterCard, holiday e-commerce sales in the U.S. rose 18.8% in 2019 compared to 2018, despite a shorter shopping season caused by Thanksgiving falling a week later.Leveraging prior years’ learnings and newer last-mile delivery methods such as click-and-pick, the industry squeezed more sales into a shorter season with few notable hiccups. But while retailers can rightly congratulate themselves on a successful season, they can’t afford to rest on their laurels. As e-commerce volumes continue to grow and the prospect of supporting next-day and same-day delivery becomes more necessary, there are new challenges that must be addressed if retailers are to continue to expand their e-commerce operations. Expanding the NetworkWhile much attention is given to evolving last-mile delivery methods, those methods ultimately depend on the architecture of the distribution network for their success. The only way next-day delivery becomes cost-effective and same-day delivery becomes feasible is if the product being ordered is already close to the customer at the time of the order. That is driving the need for retailers to re-think their network architecture. It won’t be possible to support continued e-commerce growth with networks that rely solely on centralized or regionalized distribution centers. The first step in this evolution is the addition of new distribution nodes in large metropolitan areas.These new facilities need to be purposefully located and designed to serve their specific role in the distribution network: moving products close to a dense population of e-commerce customers. In most cases, they will carry only fast-moving inventory—the 20% of SKUs that make up 80% of sales. The largest e-commerce operators with the scale to support dedicated e-commerce distribution networks are already moving in this direction. It will be necessary for midsize operators, who typically have e-commerce fulfillment integrated with wholesale distribution and store replenishment, to follow suit. While an integrated distribution network is something of an economic necessity for midsize retailers, it does add a layer of complexity to distribution and fulfillment operations. Where operators with dedicated facilities can tailor processes, tools and equipment to e-commerce fulfillment, an integrated facility does not provide this degree of focus. Unless the operator has experience optimizing processes in this environment, the speed and efficiency of all operations is typically compromised.As a result, more midsize Retailers are taking a page from the playbook of larger Retailers and turning to third-party logistics (3PL) companies that have the necessary experience to manage an integrated warehouse environment. As an added benefit, the 3PL is likely to be moving forward aggressively with establishing distribution nodes in key markets, providing the retailer with an established network to plug into.More Sophisticated Deployment StrategiesWhile the challenge of expanding the distribution network is significant on its own, it also introduces another layer of complexity to inventory deployment. As consumer demand and the network evolve, getting the in-store and online inventory mix right is increasingly difficult, as is determining the inventory needed to avoid out-of-stock situations and control inbound freight costs.Effective inventory deployment strategies—ensuring the right product is in the right location at the right time—enables inventory to be tailored to specific markets and creates benefits that extend from more effective marketing to faster deliveries. Again, 3PLs such as DHL Supply Chain, through their scale, breadth of experience and resources, are leading the industry in developing the tools to support more effective deployment and positioning. This is also true for carrier routing and selection. Retailers need to have multiple carrier options depending on consumer preferences and this requires complex and dynamic routing and carrier selection processes that enable decisions to be deferred until it is time to load. Often, this proves to be just one more example of how the evolution of retail has outpaced the technology infrastructure on which retail is built. The Next Step is a Big OneIt would be nice if retailers could sit back and enjoy the fruits of the e-commerce investments they have made, but the market is too dynamic for that. Continued evolution is necessary to support growth and meet rising customer expectations. Unfortunately, those evolutions don’t involve simple process tweaks or new last-mile delivery methods. They require specialized network engineering expertise and the ability to integrate systems and establish an end-to-end approach to e-commerce management that extends from inventory deployment through carrier selection. It’s also necessary to not only continue to invest in emerging technologies but to build the expertise required to leverage the full capabilities of those technologies.Few retailers will have the time, resources or expertise to tackle this challenge on their own. That’s why a 3PL with the experience and resources of DHL Supply Chain will become even more important in the coming years. We are making the investments in e-commerce infrastructure and technology to enable a future in which next-day and same-day delivery become standard for retailers of every size.For more information on DHL e-commerce fulfillment services, visit http://app.supplychain.dhl.com/e/er?s=1897772577&lid=5059.  "}
{"id": "doc8843", "text": "Walmart is doubling down on voice-activated grocery shopping."}
{"id": "doc8844", "text": "The discount giant is partnering with Apple to make its voice order grocery shopping service available on Siri. Via a new Siri shortcut for online grocery, customers can ask Siri to start adding items directly to their Walmart online grocery cart after they’ve paired their accounts. The service works on iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, HomePod, and CarPlay devices."}
{"id": "doc8845", "text": "Customers build out their basket by just saying “add to Walmart,” and then naming the product they want to add to their cart. After that, customers can place their order and Walmart personal shoppers obtain the items for the customer, who can pick the order up at the store or have it delivered to their home. To get started, customers can go to the Walmart grocery app and click “Voice Shopping” within their account page."}
{"id": "doc8846", "text": "The service will also leverage Siri’s machine learning capabilities."}
{"id": "doc8847", "text": "“The more customers use it, the better the experience will be,” stated a blog post credited to Walmart U.S. executives Tom Ward, senior VP, digital operations; Ashley Hubka, senior VP, corporate strategy and development; and Janey Whiteside, chief customer officer. “Customers can trust that we can quickly and accurately identify the items they are asking for, thanks to information from their purchase history with us. For example, if a customer says, ‘add orange juice to my cart,’ we’ll make sure to add the specific orange juice the customer buys regularly.”"}
{"id": "doc8848", "text": "Walmart initially rolled out voice-enabled grocery shopping in partnership with the Google Assistant voice device in April 2019. The retailer says it will continue “working with the best companies in the world to bring to life experiences that make shopping even easier for our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc8849", "text": "Walmart is expanding its voice-activated grocery shopping reach as the company’s chief rival Amazon keeps making inroads in both the grocery and voice technology spaces. Most recently, Amazon confirmed reports it will launch a new brick-and-mortar grocery format in Los Angeles in 2020."}
{"id": "doc8850", "text": "In September 2019, Amazon announced several new technology devices that could expand the use of its Alexa voice assistant as a shopping tool. These include Echo Buds, wireless earbuds equipped with Amazon Echo smart speaker technology and Bose Active Noise Reduction technology to minimize background sounds which Amazon is promoting as a mobile voice shopping device."}
{"id": "doc8851", "text": "Amazon is also releasing Echo Frames – 31-gram, Alexa-enabled glasses that look like regular prescription glasses, which provide all-day access to Alexa. Both Echo devices will offer an optimized, voice-enabled Whole Foods shopping experience. In addition, General Motors (GM) will embed Alexa in brand new vehicles and also make it available to millions of existing vehicles. This embedded functionality creates new opportunities for consumers to shop from their car."}
{"id": "doc8852", "text": "“We’re still in the very early days of virtual assistants and voice interfaces,” said Frank Gillett, VP & principal analyst at Forrester. “Unlike past user interfaces like the Mac’s visual GUI or the iPhones touch interface, voice interfaces are complements or new front ends to existing applications in way that makes them dependent on integration with other applications.”"}
{"id": "doc8853", "text": "The Beatles are getting on board the pop-up shop express.  "}
{"id": "doc8854", "text": "The Thread Shop, Sony Music Entertainment’s merchandising division, announced the opening of a Beatles holiday pop-up in New York’s SoHo neighborhood. The store, open from Dec. 11 through Dec. 22, will feature exclusive Beatles-themed gifts, including licensed clothing, accessories, toys and other branded products such as turntables. A Beatles pinball machine is also in the lineup. "}
{"id": "doc8855", "text": "The Beatles shop is about 1,200 sq. ft. and is filled with Instagrammable moments, with a façade wrapped in Beatles imagery, reported Women’s Wear Daily. The interior decor includes an Abbey Road floor decal leading shoppers from the entrance into the space. Three vignettes are themed from Beatles albums’ “Yellow Submarine,” “Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band” and “The White Album.” The shop also features a Sixties lounge, a gift wrap station (called Help! with Beatles gift wrap), a drum set reflecting The Beatles’ first TV appearance, and an authentic U.K. phone booth, the report said."}
{"id": "doc8856", "text": "The pop-up will offer the first assortment of products available under a partnership between Sony’s Thread Shop and Apple Corps. Ltd. Thread Shop said it will work closely with Apple Corps to expand The Beatles’ brand presence in the U.S. by creating unique apparel, products and collaborations that celebrate the band."}
{"id": "doc8857", "text": "It’s not a close shave for the leading subscription box market share of a well-known men’s grooming brand."}
{"id": "doc8858", "text": "According to a new survey of 528 online shoppers from marketing research firm Clutch reveals that 54% of respondents are members of at least one subscription box service. Of these respondents, a leading 29% are members of Dollar Shave Cub."}
{"id": "doc8859", "text": "Other leading subscription box services include cosmetics service Ipsy (21%), meal kit provider Blue Apron (17%), dog product service BarkBox (17%), meal kit company HelloFresh (16%), cosmetics provider Birchbox (14%), and cosmetics service Sephora Play (14%). More than one-quarter of respondents (27%) also cited other subscription box services."}
{"id": "doc8860", "text": "According to Clutch, the top brands fall into two of the three major categories of subscription box services defined management consulting firm McKinsey & Company: curated services, replenishment services, and access services. Dollar Shave Club primarily offers a replenishment service, which replaces the same items on a regular basis. The other four leading brands offer a curated service, which sends collections of new, personalized items on a regular cadence. The other major subscription box category, access service, allows members access to discounts and perks."}
{"id": "doc8861", "text": "Clutch analysis suggests Dollar Shave Club succeeds as a replenishment subscription box because it fills a basic need for personal grooming products, allowing members to restock products regularly without needing to make decisions or go out to the store. Meanwhile, Ipsy and BarkBox offer curated services focused on sending cost-efficient, personalized collections of new items for members to try and keep. "}
{"id": "doc8862", "text": "Meal kit delivery services Blue Apron and HelloFresh curate new recipes for members to try each month, based on their personalized tastes, and send all the ingredients required to create two to three weekly meals. This enables subscribers to easily experiment with different types of meals."}
{"id": "doc8863", "text": "A national off-price retailer has combined store, e-commerce  and warehouse planning and forecasting."}
{"id": "doc8864", "text": "Stein Mart has gained a holistic view of its inventory and a more streamlined approach to merchandise planning by implementing the Oracle Cloud enterprise platform. By consolidating omnichannel planning and forecasting across the front and back ends of the enterprise into one solution, Stein Mart will be better equipped to manage its inventory to support the needs of its customers, regardless of touchpoint."}
{"id": "doc8865", "text": "Stein Mart partnered with retail artificial intelligence (AI) solutions provider Cognira and retail consulting firm The Parker Avery Group to re-engineer business processes and implement Oracle Retail Merchandise Financial Planning Cloud Service. Both Cognira and Parker Avery are members of the Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN). Previously, Stein Mart also implemented Oracle merchandising, store inventory management, and POS solutions, as well as the Oracle GoldenGate big data platform and Oracle JD Edwards enterprise software."}
{"id": "doc8866", "text": "“We have been focused on simplifying our merchandising processes while expanding our omni-channel capabilities and new business initiatives,” said Nick Swetonic, Stein Mart’s senior VP of planning and allocation. “The enhanced functionality of Oracle’s merchandise financial planning solution will help us analyze data faster to create better plans up front so we can buy smarter and manage inventory more effectively.”"}
{"id": "doc8867", "text": "Other retailers have also been turning to Oracle’s cloud-based solutions to unify omnichannel merchandising activities across the enterprise. For example, Banana Republic is deploying Oracle Retail Merchandising Cloud Service and Oracle Retail Integration Cloud Service, powered by Oracle Cloud infrastructure, to drive operational agility and furnish business teams with a single view of inventory, product data and transaction details. The combined solutions allow the retailer to synchronize merchandising operations from buying to inventory valuation."}
{"id": "doc8868", "text": "Stein Mart currently operates 283 stores across 30 states."}
{"id": "doc8869", "text": "Urban Outfitters’ reported a steep decline in the third quarter even as its total sales rose. "}
{"id": "doc8870", "text": "Earnings totaled $55.6 million, or 56 cents a share, in the quarter Oct. 31, compared with $77.5 million, or 70 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Analysts had expected earnings of 57 cents a share. "}
{"id": "doc8871", "text": "Sales rose 1.4% to $987 million, less than the $1 billion analysts were expecting. The increase was helped by the company’s latest initiative, rental subscription service, Nuuly, which launched last summer."}
{"id": "doc8872", "text": "Same-store sales increased 3%, driven by growth in the digital channel, partially offset by negative retail store sales. By brand, comp net sales increased 9% at Free People, 4% at the Anthropologie Group and were flat at Urban Outfitters. Wholesale segment net sales decreased 7%."}
{"id": "doc8873", "text": "The retailer has been challenged by falling sales at its Urban Outfitters division. The brand has been criticized for fashion missteps. "}
{"id": "doc8874", "text": "“The apparel offering [at. Urban Outfitters] did improve compared to the prior two quarters, but it was not compelling enough to offset the last two quarters,” company CEO Richard Hayne said on the company’s quarterly call with analysts. “Before Urban can deliver, the apparel offering will need to be closer to the fashion’s bull’s eye.”"}
{"id": "doc8875", "text": "At the end of the third quarter, Urban Outfitters operated 249 namesake stores in the United States, Canada and Europe and websites; 231 Anthropologie Group stores in the United States, Canada and Europe, catalogs and websites; 143 Free People stores in the United States, Canada and Europe, catalogs and websites, 11 food and beverage restaurants, five Urban Outfitters franchisee-owned stores, one Anthropologie Group franchisee-owned store and one Free People franchisee-owned store. Free People, Anthropologie Group and Urban Outfitters wholesale sell their products through approximately 2,200 department and specialty stores worldwide."}
{"id": "doc8876", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is using augmented reality (AR) to provide digital discovery and engagement to shoppers at its Manhattan flagship."}
{"id": "doc8877", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is partnering with Mastercard to enhance the in-store experience for customers and deliver intelligent insights to store associates. By integrating Mastercard digital retail technology in its flagship store, DVF is providing customers who scan QR codes with targeted product recommendations and enhanced information. "}
{"id": "doc8878", "text": "By scanning QR codes that are located throughout the store, shoppers can gain access to digital promotional and storytelling content, as well as additional product information. In addition, customers visiting the flagship’s in-store art gallery can leverage computer vision technology to use their mobile device to learn more information about displayed works."}
{"id": "doc8879", "text": "In addition, Mastercard digital technology provides store associates with visibility to overall performance against specific commercial KPIs, object recognition via device to more easily share product information, and recommendations based on time of day, day of week, product demand, and other variables. "}
{"id": "doc8880", "text": "“Connecting is really important, especially if you want to be a brand that stands out to consumers today,” said Diane von Furstenberg, founder of DVF. “With this technology, DVF has the unique opportunity to bring our customers on a journey, allowing them access to content that brings them closer to our brand story. We are thrilled to partner with the team at Mastercard to create a truly unique experience within our flagship store.”"}
{"id": "doc8881", "text": "The partnership will also drive dialogue and engagement through The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF flagship throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc8882", "text": "As part of the larger partnership, Mastercard is placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc8883", "text": "“We’re excited to be partnering with an iconic brand like DVF to further drive the dialogue around women’s empowerment and leverage our latest technology to make every in-store interaction unique and meaningful,” said Linda Kirkpatrick, president of U.S. issuers, Mastercard."}
{"id": "doc8884", "text": "DVF has been focusing on creating in-store omnichannel experiences for the past 18 months. In February 2020, the retailer said it would streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone, via partnership with NewStore and Salesforce."}
{"id": "doc8885", "text": "In addition, in September 2018, DVF teamed up with Salesforce to use the company’s cloud-based platform to develop and launch DVF 360, a digital experience that takes online and in-store shoppers on a virtual tour of the brand. "}
{"id": "doc8886", "text": "An online discount platform is providing some exclusive offers for International Women’s Day."}
{"id": "doc8887", "text": "RetailMeNot is launching We Shop With Her, an initiative to encourage shoppers to support female-led and founded brands in celebration of International Womens Day (Sunday, March 8). The savings website and app will provide exclusive cash-back offers for women-owned brands such Tory Burch, Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Kate Spade, and Birchbox."}
{"id": "doc8888", "text": "Through March 8, shoppers can visit the RetailMeNot We Shop With Her page to find limited-time savings opportunities in different categories like beauty, fashion, health, and home décor. In addition, Austin, Texas-based RetailMeNot will donate to the Womens Fund at the Austin Community Foundation and the Ann Richards School for Young Women Leaders."}
{"id": "doc8889", "text": "As a woman in a leadership role at a technology company, its inspiring to see more and more females dominating top positions in the space,” said Marissa Tarleton, CEO at RetailMeNot. “I believe it is important to offer our support and encouragement to those who have paved and continue to pave the road for future generations. RetailMeNot is all about helping shoppers save money every day at their favorite retailers, restaurants, and even pharmacies, and if we can offer a convenient way for people to shop, save and support women on International Womens Day, we will."}
{"id": "doc8890", "text": "Other We Shop With Her retailers include Athleta, Baggu, Fabletics, Glossier, Houzz, Lily Pulitzer, Loeffler Randall, Nasty Gal, Outdoor Voices, Rent the Runway, Spanx, Tarte Cosmetics The Body Shop, The Honest Company, Third Love, and Wildfang."}
{"id": "doc8891", "text": "Other retailers are also launching special online promotions in conjunction with International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month (which lasts throughout March). Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge, a collaborative, curated online assortment and shopping experience focused on female-owned businesses. DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment with a themed event series and podcast."}
{"id": "doc8892", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is streamlining order management and customer service with iPhones."}
{"id": "doc8893", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) will implement the NewStore omnichannel platform in its retail stores globally later in 2020. The platform will complement its existing Salesforce Commerce Cloud-based e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc8894", "text": "Specifically, DVF intends to streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone. At the same time, the company will optimize inventory management and store fulfillment, lifting the responsibility from store associates with automation."}
{"id": "doc8895", "text": "DVF will implement all NewStore Omnichannel Platform solutions, including applications for endless aisle, clienteling, store fulfillment, inventory management, mobile checkout, and omnichannel insights."}
{"id": "doc8896", "text": "Enhancing DVFs point of service system is a significant priority for the future of our business, and after extensive due diligence it became clear that NewStore was the premium choice for our brand, said Sandra Campos, CEO, Diane von Furstenberg. Their ability to offer innovative solutions across omnichannel, inventory management and data capture allow for a faster, more customer-centric experience. We are pleased to roll out this system across DVFs global store footprint."}
{"id": "doc8897", "text": "Vertical snowboarding products retailer Burton Snowboards also recently decided to deploy the NewStore omnichannel platform across its 70-store global footprint to streamline front- and back-end operations using iPhones. Burton intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app."}
{"id": "doc8898", "text": "DVF has a global distribution network in over 100 countries and with over 450 points of sale, including 86 corporate-owned and partnered stores throughout North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific. "}
{"id": "doc8899", "text": "Nine in 10 retail marketers face some level of data issues this year."}
{"id": "doc8900", "text": "According to a new survey of nearly 200 retail marketing professionals from email personalization platform Bluecore, only 9% of respondents said they can easily access and effectively take action using data in campaigns across channels without technical support. Another 26% can easily access data without technical support, but taking action with it remains challenging."}
{"id": "doc8901", "text": "More than one-third (35%) of respondents said accessing data remains challenging and they cannot take action with the data they do end up getting. The remaining 30% can access data, but it takes time and technical support, and effectively taking action with it is challenging."}
{"id": "doc8902", "text": "When it comes to personalization efforts, retail marketers display a focus on email. Almost six in 10 (57%) say increasing the percentage of emails tailored specifically to individual customers is their number one personalization priority. Another 14% cite increasing the use of dynamic blocks within an email to improve relevance for individual customers (such as personalizing products or offers within an email)."}
{"id": "doc8903", "text": "Fourteen percent said adjusting their marketing communication channel mix based on individual customer preferences is their number one personalization priority, while 10% cited managing the frequency of customer emails and 5% referenced creating a more relevant onsite experience for individual customers."}
{"id": "doc8904", "text": "When asked to rank how important six objectives will be to them in 2020, respondents replied as follows:"}
{"id": "doc8905", "text": "1.    Increasing email revenue2.    Growing repeat purchase rates3.    Driving more site traffic4.    Increasing onsite conversions5.    Preserving margins6.    Scaling email personalization"}
{"id": "doc8906", "text": "Bluecore gathered and analyzed the following data during the 5th Annual Bluecore Summit, through a survey of nearly 200 marketers."}
{"id": "doc8907", "text": "Shoppers will visit brick-and-mortar stores in 2020, but won’t check their devices at the door."}
{"id": "doc8908", "text": "According to a new survey investigating the 2020 shopping habits of more than 16,000 consumers from mobile rewards app Shopkick, physical interactions with products will still play a major role in purchasing decisions this year. More than eight in 10 (82%) respondents say that seeing, holding or demoing a product in-person makes them more inclined to actually purchase it."}
{"id": "doc8909", "text": "Other notable 2020 shopping trends uncovered by the survey include:•    Boomers and Gen Z shoppers are most likely to do the majority of their 2020 shopping in physical retailers (67% and 61%, respectively), with Gen X (59%) and millennials (57%) close behind."}
{"id": "doc8910", "text": "•    Eighty-eight percent of all respondents plan to use their mobile devices while shopping in-store, most often to find deals and coupons or to compare prices. Fifty percent of consumers plan to use their mobile devices in-store more frequently in 2020."}
{"id": "doc8911", "text": "•    Boomers lead the pack in planning to shop more frequently at retailers that align with their core values (75%), followed closely by Gen X (72%), millennials (70%) and Gen Z (68%). However, younger consumers are more likely to feel a sense of loyalty to brands. Sixty-four percent of Gen Z respondents report feeling a sense of brand loyalty, compared to 47 percent of boomers."}
{"id": "doc8912", "text": "•    Half of consumers (50%) plan to make the majority of their purchases with debit cards in the new year. Credit cards come in second at 27%, followed by cash (15%), app-based payment methods (6%) and gift cards (2%). Interestingly, Gen Z is the only generation planning to pay more often with cash over credit (29% and 15%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc8913", "text": "•    A clear majority of respondents don’t plan to use installment or pay-later payment options them (83% and 87%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc8914", "text": "•    Most consumers don’t plan to shop on social platforms in the new year, but for those who do, Facebook is the most popular platform, according to millennials, Gen X, and boomers (26%, 26% and 29%, respectively). Meanwhile, Gen Z is the only generation more likely to shop on Instagram (20%)."}
{"id": "doc8915", "text": "A mobile rewards and payments platform seeks to motivate pre-spring shopping."}
{"id": "doc8916", "text": "Ibotta is running a promotion called “Spring Forward, Cash Back,” a new national shopping holiday, the week of March 2-6, 2020. In conjunction with major national retailers including Macys, QVC, and Carter’s, Spring Forward, Cash Back gives shoppers as much as 20% cash back on their everyday purchases. "}
{"id": "doc8917", "text": "As part of the promotion, Ibotta is encouraging customers to make purchases related to New Year’s resolutions they may be neglecting, including saving money and sticking to a budget. “We’re always thinking of new ways to help our savers and this marks a major step for those looking to get back on track,” said Bryan Leach, founder and CEO of Ibotta. “Spring Forward, Cash Back makes it easy for consumers to not just recommit to their resolutions, but stay committed to a full year of financial fitness.” Top retailers participating in Spring Forward, Cash Back include:"}
{"id": "doc8918", "text": "●      QVC – 10% cash back●      Adidas - 12% cash back●      AT&T Mobility - $50 cash back●      Backcountry - 16% cash back●      bareMinerals - 9% cash back●      The Body Shop - 18% cash back●      Carter’s - 7.5% cash back●      Casper - 13% cash back●      Every Plate - $23 cash back●      Fossil - 15% cash back●      Gap - 10% cash back●      Home Depot - 3% cash back●      HSN - 10% cash back●      J.C. Penney - 7% cash back●      Macy’s.com - 12% cash back●      OshKosh - 7.5% cash back●      Viator - 12% cash back●      Warby Parker - 20% cash back"}
{"id": "doc8919", "text": "Ibotta also analyzed thousands of receipts for the promotion and discovered the following notable consumer spending trends:"}
{"id": "doc8920", "text": "•    Hawaii, North Dakota and Maine are the states spending the most money so far in 2020, averaging $60 per shopping trip in January."}
{"id": "doc8921", "text": "•    Nationwide, consumer spending on healthier groceries rose by more than 70% from December 2018 to January 2019, with consumers choosing salad greens (50% increase), berries and yogurt (60% increase) and avocados (77% increase) over chocolate, sugar and butter (15% decrease)."}
{"id": "doc8922", "text": "Retailers aren’t keeping pace with customer expectations in several key areas."}
{"id": "doc8923", "text": "That’s according to the enVista 2020 Customer Engagement Survey in which 72% of respondents indicate personalized assistance from a sales associate is an important factor in determining which store to shop, but only 34% of retail respondents say customer identification/personalization of experience is a top priority for 2020."}
{"id": "doc8924", "text": "Similarly, 66% of customers are likely to choose a retailer if it offers mobile coupons/promotions, but only 51% of retailers successfully offer them. The disconnect is even more pronounced in the ability to buy anywhere/ship anywhere (65% of customers say this is an important factor in deciding where to shop but only 21% of retailers have implemented a unified commerce platform to enable it), and in the presence of self-checkout kiosks (54% of customers are likely to select a retailer with a self-checkout kiosk but only 21% of retailers successfully offer them)."}
{"id": "doc8925", "text": "Other interesting statistics include:"}
{"id": "doc8926", "text": "•    72% of consumers indicate personalized customer service from a sales associate is an important factor in determining where they choose to shop."}
{"id": "doc8927", "text": "•    The most prevalent and successfully implemented technologies that retailers are using to identify customers are the retailer’s mobile website (81%), mobile app (81%) and mobile wallet (73%), however, many retailers using these technologies indicate that they need improvement."}
{"id": "doc8928", "text": "•    Many retailers (76%) find that offering incentives in the form of loyalty points or dollars is the most effective way to draw in customers. "}
{"id": "doc8929", "text": "•    56% of consumers begin their journey on their mobile device."}
{"id": "doc8930", "text": "•    While they are in a store, 22% of customers utilize their phones to look up product information and compare prices and 24% look for offers/coupons."}
{"id": "doc8931", "text": "•    55% of retailers currently operate their POS as a cloud application/service."}
{"id": "doc8932", "text": "•    23% of consumers are likely to shop at a store offering an augmented reality or virtual reality experience as part of their shopping environment and 31% are likely to choose a store offering virtual mirrors to allow them to virtually try on items like make-up and apparel."}
{"id": "doc8933", "text": "J.C. Penney is not expecting much relief anytime soon in its sales performance. "}
{"id": "doc8934", "text": "The struggling retailer on Tuesday reported better-than-expected sales and earnings for its fourth quarter even as its sales continued to decline. Penney said it expects same-store sales in fiscal 2020 to be down 3.5% to 4.5%, excluding any impact from the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc8935", "text": "Penney’s net income fell to $27 million, or $0.08 per share, in the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $75 million, or $0.24 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted net income was $43 million, or $0.13 per share, better than the loss of $0.06 a share analysts expected."}
{"id": "doc8936", "text": "Total net sales fell 7.7% to $3.49 billion from $3.67 last year. Analysts were expecting revenue of $3.44 billion."}
{"id": "doc8937", "text": "Same-store sales decreased 7.0% for the quarter. Adjusted comparable store sales, which exclude the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories, decreased 4.7% for the quarter. "}
{"id": "doc8938", "text": "For the full fiscal year, Penney’s total net sales decreased 8.1% to $10.72 billion. Comparable store sales decreased 7.7%. Adjusted comparable store sales decreased 5.6% for the year"}
{"id": "doc8939", "text": "“In fiscal 2019, we met or exceeded all five financial guidance metrics for the year, and we delivered our third consecutive quarter of meaningful gross-margin improvement in the fourth quarter,” said Jill Soltau, CEO of J.C. Penney. “I am encouraged by our progress, especially in our women’s apparel businesses. We knew it would take time to restore discipline and return growth to J.C. Penney. As we move into fiscal 2020, we remain focused on the key tenets of retail as we continue rebuilding the company and implementing our Plan for Renewal.”"}
{"id": "doc8940", "text": "In e-mailed comments, Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said that while Soltau and her team are doing their best to improve Penney’s position and attractiveness, the reality is that most stores deliver an experience that is well below par. "}
{"id": "doc8941", "text": "“They are messy, crowded with bland merchandise, and lack any energy or inspiration,” he said. “It is, therefore, hardly surprising that many shoppers are abandoning them. Despite attempts to understand consumers better, JCP’s management has yet to stem this tide. And doing so will be difficult as it will require radical change and impactful marketing to inform lapsed shoppers of the improvements. Both things require capital and a strong balance sheet, neither of which J.C. Penney has.” For more analysis, click here."}
{"id": "doc8942", "text": "Ralph Lauren Corp. exceeded analyst expectations for earnings per share (EPS) and revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2020."}
{"id": "doc8943", "text": "The luxury clothing and accessories company reported net income of $334 million, or $4.41 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, net income was $217 million, or $2.86 per diluted share, excluding the impact of tax reform and restructuring-related and other charges. This compared to net income of $120 million, or $1.48 per diluted share on a reported basis, and net income of $188 million, or $2.32 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, for the third quarter of fiscal 2019."}
{"id": "doc8944", "text": "Wall Street analysts had predicted adjusted EPS of $2.45. Revenue totaled $1.75 billion, up 1% on a year-over-year basis and ahead of a forecasted $1.72 billion. North America revenue increased slightly to $911 million, with same-store sales rising 4%. Europe revenue in the third quarter increased 3% to $438 million on a reported basis and 5% in constant currency, with same-store sales growing 2%. Asia revenue in the third quarter increased 5% to $290 million on both a reported and constant currency basis, although same-store sales dropped 1%. However, excluding Hong Kong, same-store sales in Asia rose 2%. We continue to make strong progress on our Next Great Chapter plan amid a volatile backdrop, with third-quarter results ahead of our overall expectations, including better than expected revenues, operating margin, and double-digit EPS growth, said Patrice Louvet, president and CEO, Ralph Lauren Corp. Over the important holiday season, our teams consistently executed across each of our strategic priorities, enabling us to elevate our brand and deliver for our consumers across every touchpoint.”"}
{"id": "doc8945", "text": "For fiscal 2020, the company expects net revenue growth in the range of 2% to 3% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 1.1 to 1.3 percentage points in fiscal 2020. This outlook continues to include the impact of tariffs and business disruptions in Hong Kong but does not include potential impact from the coronavirus outbreak in Asia."}
{"id": "doc8946", "text": "In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the company expects net revenue to be up slightly on both a constant currency and reported basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 0.5 percentage points in the quarter."}
{"id": "doc8947", "text": "Lululemon Athletica Inc. saw double-digit increases in sales and earnings during the third quarter of fiscal 2019."}
{"id": "doc8948", "text": "The specialty athletic apparel retailer reported net revenue of $916.1 million, an increase of 23% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Same-store sales increased 10%, or increased 11% on a constant dollar basis. Diluted earnings per share were $0.96, up 35% from $0.71 in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. "}
{"id": "doc8949", "text": "For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, Lululemon expects net revenue to be in the range of $1.315 billion to $1.33 billion based on a total comparable sales increase in the low double digits on a constant dollar basis. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.13 for the quarter. The guidance does not reflect potential future repurchases of the companys shares."}
{"id": "doc8950", "text": "For the full fiscal 2019, Lululemon now expects net revenue to be in the range of $3.895 billion to $3.91 billion, based on a total comparable sales increase in the mid-teens on a constant dollar basis. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.78 for the full year. The guidance does not reflect potential future repurchases of the companys shares."}
{"id": "doc8951", "text": "Were proud of the continued momentum in our business as we live into our vision to be an experiential brand,” said Calvin McDonald, CEO of Lululemon. “We are successfully executing on our Power of Three growth plan as we create authentic connections with new and existing guests around the world. Id like to thank our amazing teams for achieving this strong level of performance."}
{"id": "doc8952", "text": "The retailer is reporting these impressive results in the wake of some internal shake-ups. Stuart Haselden, COO and executive VP, international, Lululemon, is leaving the company effective Jan. 10, 2020 to join digitally native luggage and travel lifestyle brand Away. In September 2019, Lululemon said it will close its remaining Ivivva kids stores as it focuses its efforts on its expanding core and men’s businesses."}
{"id": "doc8953", "text": "Click here for analysis."}
{"id": "doc8954", "text": "An independent consumer electronics retailer is bolstering e-commerce security with artificial intelligence (AI)."}
{"id": "doc8955", "text": "Micro Center is leveraging the AI-driven Identity Trust Global Network fraud management solution from Kount. The solution’s user experience engine enables automated decisions and reduces manual reviews while providing flexibility to refine customer interaction policies. Linking 2.7 billion fraud signals per interaction, it is designed to establish a real-time level of trust for each identity behind every interaction, including payments, account creation, and login events."}
{"id": "doc8956", "text": "In addition, the solution’s self-service analytics provide Micro Center with insight into customer behavior and trends to detect complex fraud and segment a customer base to personalize user experiences and model potential outcomes. "}
{"id": "doc8957", "text": "“By creating personalized user experiences with Kount’s Identity Trust Global Network, we were able to increase our online sales by more than 30%,” said Skip Myers, director of loss prevention at Micro Center. “Meanwhile, we dropped our chargeback rates by more than 75%, down to 0.21%. But, I cannot have the mindset that all I do is stop fraud. Fraud management has evolved to enabling us to increase the number of orders we accept, improving customer experiences, and building trust.”"}
{"id": "doc8958", "text": "Health-and-wellness retailer GNC Holdings Inc. is also deploying AI-based fraud prevention technology from Kount. GNC utilizes Kount’s supervised machine learning capabilities to help detect possibly fraudulent linkages and anomalies faster and better than human judgment alone."}
{"id": "doc8959", "text": "Privately-owned Micro Center is based in Columbus, Ohio and operates 25 stores across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc8960", "text": "Two primary obstacles are preventing U.S. retailers from conducting international online sales."}
{"id": "doc8961", "text": "According to a new study from fraud prevention provider Kount, payment platform BlueSnap, and Internet Retailer, global e-commerce will reach nearly $3.5 billion in 2019, and surpass global brick-and-mortar sales by 2036. "}
{"id": "doc8962", "text": "Although much of this growth is happening outside the U.S., the study finds fewer than half of U.S. retailers ship outside the country. North America’s top 1000 e-retailers did sell $143 billion worth of goods to customers outside the U.S. in 2018, but one retailer - Amazon - accounted for 44% of those international sales."}
{"id": "doc8963", "text": "A survey of 129 U.S. retailers found that two primary concerns are preventing more North American retailers from catering to international shoppers: fraud and the challenge of accepting foreign currencies and payment types. Sixty percent of respondents cited “currency and payment processing” as a top obstacle to international e-commerce. An identical 60% pointed to “fraud prevention.”"}
{"id": "doc8964", "text": "Other leading obstacles include customs duties (52%), local regulations and laws (50%), fulfillment (43%), and language (36%). Unsurprisingly, 77% of respondents said integrating payment processing and fraud protection functions would be critical or extremely critical to global e-commerce."}
{"id": "doc8965", "text": "Despite obstacles, 67% of respondents strongly or somewhat agreed that international e-commerce is a critical source of their e-commerce growth in the future, and 52% strongly or somewhat agreed that international e-commerce is suitable because they have many international customers and followers of their brand and products."}
{"id": "doc8966", "text": "The survey also revealed the top 10 challenges respondents say they face in global payments and fraud management. In order, they are fraud management, offering needed payment methods in the countries they do business, fighting chargebacks, finding the right payments/fraud solutions providers, offering the right currencies, reporting and reconciliation, cross-border fees, conversion rates, availability of suitable settlement currencies, and maintaining multiple integrations."}
{"id": "doc8967", "text": "GNC Holdings Inc. is applying artificial intelligence (AI) to prevent fraud across channels."}
{"id": "doc8968", "text": "The health-and-wellness retailer is deploying AI-based technology from fraud prevention provider Kount to set risk thresholds with the goals of increasing approval rates, as well as reducing fraud losses and lowering operational costs. GNC is strengthening its enterprise security as it implements omnichannel features such as expanded online access to more products, buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS), and ship-to-store"}
{"id": "doc8969", "text": "To assist in these efforts, GNC conducted a thorough competitive analysis, which determined Kount offered the most agile, advanced digital fraud prevention solution on the market. The AI-based solution leverages supervised machine learning to consider historic data based on its network of billions of transactions over multiple payment networks, which is combined with unsupervised machine learning to detect linkages and anomalies faster and better than human judgment alone. GNC will set customizable controls."}
{"id": "doc8970", "text": "“The customer is at the core of everything we do at GNC,” said Tricia Tolivar, CFO, GNC. “We selected Kount because their technology delivers the flexibility and speed we need to rapidly expand our commerce initiatives with confidence. They’re a committed partner, guiding us through the process from implementation through transition and full deployment – all of which allows us to continue to best serve our customers while reducing fraud losses.”"}
{"id": "doc8971", "text": "Cybercriminals, as well as legitimate shoppers, flocked to digital retailers this Black Friday week."}
{"id": "doc8972", "text": "The LexisNexis Digital Identity Network recorded a 48% increase in total global transactions between Wednesday, Nov. 27 through Tuesday, Dec. 3, 2019 (Black Friday week). With that surge in retail traffic came corresponding growth in related criminal activity. Here are some key analytical findings from LexisNexis: "}
{"id": "doc8973", "text": "“Cybercriminals are opportunity seekers and travel paths of least resistance, shifting their focus based on consumer patterns,” said Kim Sutherland, VP of fraud and identity market planning at LexisNexis Risk Solutions. “As consumers ramp up their purchase volumes and increasingly utilize mobile devices to transact, data shows that fraudsters will likely continue to progressively target mobile and with higher dollar fraud.” "}
{"id": "doc8974", "text": "LexisNexis Digital Identity Network is a crowdsourced intelligence network comprised of data from approximately 38 billion global transactions each year including logins, payments, and new account creations."}
{"id": "doc8975", "text": "Long lines are a definite no-no for convenience store retailers."}
{"id": "doc8976", "text": "According to the C-Store Consumer Insights Survey from store infrastructure provider Zynstra, an NCR company, 15% of respondents said they will abandon a non-essential purchase after just one minute of waiting in line, with nearly half of these shoppers leaving after only 30 seconds. And when refilling their gas tank, 28% of respondents said they do not go inside to buy goods twice per month or more when they see a line at checkout that is at least one minute long. A further 27% experience this once per month."}
{"id": "doc8977", "text": "Respondent frustrations go beyond long lines. Three in 10 (31%) respondents say that they have encountered a malfunctioning credit card system at the fuel pump that forced them to go inside and wait to pay for their gas once a month (16%), or more than twice a month (15%)."}
{"id": "doc8978", "text": "However, respondents also indicated there are a number of technologies convenience store retailers can deploy to make the brick-and-mortar shopping experience more conducive:"}
{"id": "doc8979", "text": "•    61% said that the presence of an available self-checkout option would change their decision to abandon a purchase due to a long line at the checkout."}
{"id": "doc8980", "text": "•    If presented with a faster checkout for card payment only, 80% of respondents would use it, with 47% using it every time and 33% when the cash line is too long."}
{"id": "doc8981", "text": "•    Respondents aged 18-34 are more likely to utilize online ordering, pick up in store and home delivery. More than four in 10 (42%) members of this group stated that home delivery would make shopping at a c-store more convenient."}
{"id": "doc8982", "text": "•    When asked if the presence of an available self-checkout option would change their decision to abandon a purchase due to a long line at the checkout, 79% of 18- to 24-year-old respondents answered yes, compared to 34% over the age of 65."}
{"id": "doc8983", "text": "In addition, 18- to 24-year-old respondents shopped at c-stores more than any other age group, citing that they shop at convenience stores more than online, grocery and drug stores. The findings are the results from an online survey of 1,000 shoppers, ages ranging from 18 to 65-plus."}
{"id": "doc8984", "text": "The human factor has a surprisingly big influence on Gen Z purchase decisions."}
{"id": "doc8985", "text": "According to the “Z-Tail Report,” a survey of over 1,000 U.S. consumers age 18-24 from workflow platform Retail Zipline, only 7% of respondents look to celebrities for style inspiration. More than half (56%) do not simulate trends they see on Instagram in their own style. "}
{"id": "doc8986", "text": "However, 69% of respondents will take fashion advice from store associates when shopping in stores, and 41% will engage with a particular sales associate if they like what they are wearing When asked what would prompt them to shop repeatedly at one specific brand, 19% of respondents said genuine relationships with specific store associates."}
{"id": "doc8987", "text": "Respondents are also interested in how store associates are treated by their employers. More than eight in 10 (82%) respondents are more likely to buy from a brand that uses ethical business practices. Of those respondents, 66% list fair treatment of employees as a key motivator. This exceeds the percentage of ethically motivated respondents who value eco-friendly packaging (59%), ethical sourcing (50%), donating profits to charity (48%), and vegan products (24%)."}
{"id": "doc8988", "text": "In another indicator “constantly connected” Gen Z shoppers look beyond technology, 46% of respondents said that mobile payments in stores, such as Venmo or Apple Pay, don’t appeal to them. Additionally, when asked what interaction they prefer with sales associates, the leading preference is a hands-on approach (65%), as opposed to a hands-off approach where they only assist when service is requested (35%). "}
{"id": "doc8989", "text": "Other notable findings include:"}
{"id": "doc8990", "text": "•    58% of respondents prefer to shop in stores that have a longstanding presence in a particular location.•    Only 11% choose to shop in stores that exist for a limited time, such as pop-ups."}
{"id": "doc8991", "text": "•    60% of women and 64% of men are more likely to shop from brands with a commitment to keep photos minimally photoshopped. •    41% of women and 25% of men prefer brands that use plus-sized models.•    48% of women and 29% of men prefer brands that showcase multi-racial models.•    Just 14% of women and 18% of men are influenced by celebrity endorsements."}
{"id": "doc8992", "text": "Consumers plan to use mobile payments this holiday season, but with reservations."}
{"id": "doc8993", "text": "According to the 2019 Holiday Shopping and Mobile Payments Survey from mobile rewards/payments platform Ibotta, nearly six in 10 respondents are likely to use a mobile payments solution for some of their holiday purchases this year. Another 39% are interested in learning more about mobile payments and rewards programs."}
{"id": "doc8994", "text": "Respondents are generally prepared for a mobile holiday, as nearly 60% say they have three or more rewards and/or payments apps on their phones. Another 15% have eight or more. "}
{"id": "doc8995", "text": "However, shoppers do not have uniformly positive views of mobile commerce as the holidays approach. More than half (52%) of respondents say they feel overwhelmed by the large number of mobile payments and rewards programs. When respondents who have not yet used or are hesitant to use mobile payments are asked why, leading answers include paying with a card is easier (14%), viewing mobile payments as a hassle (10%), and feeling uneducated about the options (10%)."}
{"id": "doc8996", "text": "And when asked what their first instinct would be when invited to sign up for a new retailer app or rewards program at the register, 21% of survey respondents would immediately dismiss the offer because of the large number of programs they’re already signed up for, 20% assume it requires too much work, and 34% assume there is a catch."}
{"id": "doc8997", "text": "Additional survey takeaways include:"}
{"id": "doc8998", "text": "•    Of the 61% of survey respondents who have used their phones to make an in-store purchase, 63% are motivated by payment methods that offer rewards, rebates and cash back, while 55% would be inclined to adopt mobile payments if the solutions saved them money."}
{"id": "doc8999", "text": "•    54% of respondents say mobile payments solutions are more convenient than using card payments in-store."}
{"id": "doc9000", "text": "•    53% want to know if mobile payments and rewards programs will save them money, 37% want to know if they will save them time, and 35% want to know if they can expect faster checkout times."}
{"id": "doc9001", "text": "•    Two-thirds say they’re most likely to use mobile payments at major retailers. The mobile shopping solutions and reward platforms detailed in the survey included, but were not limited to Apple Pay, Google Pay, Pay with Ibotta, Samsung Pay, Starbucks Rewards, Target Cartwheel, Target Circle, Walmart Pay, and Zelle. Ibotta surveyed 1,074 U.S. consumers age 18-65."}
{"id": "doc9002", "text": "Purchases made online are returned at a higher rate, but there is a silver lining for some retailers."}
{"id": "doc9003", "text": "According to a study from enterprise analytics platform 1010data, year to date through November 2019, Amazon saw a 6% return rate on net spend, while Walmart experienced only 2%. Examining the e-commerce return rate from The Gap, 1010data found online sales from 2015-2018 were returned at a rate four times higher than in-store sales. "}
{"id": "doc9004", "text": "During that same period, the company’s return rate grew from 14% to 17% of total sales, driven by the fact Gap’s online sales have a return rate of 31%, or almost four times higher than in-store sales. "}
{"id": "doc9005", "text": "However, omnichannel retailers that offer in-store returns of online purchases (this can include brick-and-mortar retailers who partner with e-commerce retailers) can gain an advantage. 1010data indicates that while post-holiday shoppers visiting a store are return customers, but many are visiting a store for the first time or after a long absence. "}
{"id": "doc9006", "text": "For example, during the week following Christmas 2018, department stores and big-box retailers saw roughly one-third of their in-store traffic come from people who had not visited the store during the holiday shopping season. Those new visitors paid off – Target and Kohl’s saw half of them return over the next six months. "}
{"id": "doc9007", "text": "To arrive at these findings, 1010data used transaction data derived from the dollar value of credit and debit card transactions; these findings were not adjusted for cash transactions or store credit spend."}
{"id": "doc9008", "text": "Cybercriminals are adapting to retailer success in detecting payment fraud."}
{"id": "doc9009", "text": "According to the seventh edition of the Fraud Attack Index from e-commerce fraud prevention platform Forter, online fraud is evolving rapidly beyond the point of the transaction to accounts such as loyalty programs and abuse of return policies. Loyalty fraud has increased by 89% year-over-year, while the total dollar amount in online fraud has increased by 12% year over year."}
{"id": "doc9010", "text": "The Fraud Attack Index also shows that fraudsters are having significantly more success in account takeover (ATO) attacks, with 1.5 million consumers whose accounts had already been compromised had additional accounts opened in their name. Fraudsters transfer funds to these accounts from their victims’ legitimate accounts. This represents a factor of two increase from the previous high."}
{"id": "doc9011", "text": "The study also reveals that both buy-online-return-in-store (BORIS) fraud and buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) fraud increased by 23%. Coupon abuse saw an increase of 10%."}
{"id": "doc9012", "text": "In the face of shifting online fraud patterns, Forter advises retailers to implement a continuous and automated fraud prevention and detection approach that assesses events throughout the entirety of the customer journey. In addition to focusing on chargebacks and credit card fraud at the point of transaction, retailers need to address fraud in a holistic and accurate manner across the entire customer journey."}
{"id": "doc9013", "text": "“A clear trend in online fraud is emerging,” said Michael Reitblat, CEO and co-Founder of Forter. “The industry as a whole has done a tremendous job detecting and preventing payment fraud at the point of transaction. This eliminates the amateurs. We’re seeing fraudsters now shift their efforts earlier in the customer journey, gaining access to consumers’ accounts.”"}
{"id": "doc9014", "text": "Cyberattacks are more closely mimicking human behavior and following seasonal patterns."}
{"id": "doc9015", "text": "According to the “2019 Fraud Risk at a Glance Report” from Mastercard company NuData Security, fraudsters are beginning to focus on quality of attack, rather than volume. Sophisticated attacks that display expected browser or application behavior and runs scripts in the environment to create this human-like interaction increased 430% between July and November 2019 compared to the first six months of the year. "}
{"id": "doc9016", "text": "In addition, human-driven account takeover attacks where an actual person types out the required information on a device and bypass bot mitigation challenges rose 330% from August-November 2019 compared to the prior seven months. However, fewer than 2% of attacks during the first 11 months of 2019 used spoofing (changes on the device information to mislead the company’s security) compared to 60% during the same period in 2018. The study analyzes cyberfraud activity from Jan. 1 to Nov. 1, 2019."}
{"id": "doc9017", "text": "February was the peak month for cyberattacks in the retail sector. The days in 2019 with the most e-commerce fraud were Feb. 25, Jan. 3, and Feb. 24. The countries responsible for the highest percentages of cyberattacks (in alphabetical order) were Brazil, India, Indonesia, Russian Federation, Thailand, Ukraine, United States, and Vietnam. "}
{"id": "doc9018", "text": "Cyberattacks originating in the U.S. include attempts made by fraudsters in other countries who mask their location as the U.S. to decrease the chance of detection. Almost all the attacks made from all of these countries are account takeover (ATO) attacks, which include fraud attempts at login and password reset. NuData advises that retailers can blacklist these attempts and automatically challenge them if they come from countries with high-risk and less-trusted traffic."}
{"id": "doc9019", "text": "The report collected insights from the NuData Trust Consortium, a pool of aggregated and anonymized data from NuData Security clients. "}
{"id": "doc9020", "text": "Online shoppers were busy as elves the weekend before Christmas."}
{"id": "doc9021", "text": "According to the Verizon Holiday Retail Index, during the weekend of Friday, Dec. 20 – Sunday, Dec. 22, e-commerce traffic rose by double digits each day. Compared to Nov. 1-27, 2019, e-commerce traffic climbed 21% on Friday, Dec. 20, 21% on Saturday, Dec. 21, and 14% on Sunday, Dec. 22."}
{"id": "doc9022", "text": "Verizon analysis indicates the combination of promotions and shipping deadlines drove solid results for the weekend. It was the last weekend for shoppers to meet ground shipping deadlines, and an uptick in e-commerce traffic shows that consumers were taking advantage of retailers’ promotions."}
{"id": "doc9023", "text": "Now in its sixth year, the Holiday Retail Index tracks digital commerce traffic across Verizon’s networks to the top 25 U.S.-based online retailers and their subsidiaries. The Holiday Retail Index monitors network traffic throughout the holiday shopping season, including during major online sales events such as Black Friday and Super Saturday."}
{"id": "doc9024", "text": "Amazon Prime members have time to procrastinate this holiday season."}
{"id": "doc9025", "text": "The e-tail giant is enabling Prime members in eligible areas to shop a selection of millions of products up until Christmas Eve (Dec. 24) and receive them that day with Prime free same-day delivery and free two-hour delivery with Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods Market. In addition to a complete selection of groceries, Prime members in select cities can shop Amazon Fresh for tens of thousands of items across dozens of categories, including Amazon devices, toys, gifts, wrapping supplies, and more. "}
{"id": "doc9026", "text": "Prime members can also find the same deals that are available on Amazon.com and receive free two-hour delivery in select cities. In another seasonal offering, the return window has been extended until Jan. 31 for items purchased between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31."}
{"id": "doc9027", "text": "Amazon released the following delivery deadlines:•    Dec. 14: Last day to order and get free delivery on orders over $25, free for all customers."}
{"id": "doc9028", "text": "•    Dec. 18: Last day to order items eligible for standard shipping, free for Prime members."}
{"id": "doc9029", "text": "•    Dec. 22: Last day to order tens of millions of items, free for Prime members."}
{"id": "doc9030", "text": "•    Dec. 23: Last day to order more than 10 million items eligible for one-day delivery (coast to coast, free for Prime members with no minimum purchase)."}
{"id": "doc9031", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Last day to order millions of items eligible for same-day delivery (free for Prime members in eligible areas on orders over $35, order by 9:30 a.m. local time)."}
{"id": "doc9032", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Last chance for free two-hour grocery delivery, reserved exclusively for Prime members in select cities. Order by 5 p.m. local time (3 p.m. in select locations) for Whole Foods Market and 8 p.m. local time for Amazon Fresh."}
{"id": "doc9033", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Whole Foods Market stores, Amazon Books, and Amazon 4-star stores are open Christmas Eve (store hours vary by location)."}
{"id": "doc9034", "text": "“We want customers to experience the magic of the holidays with family and friends knowing Amazon has them covered with fast, free, and reliable shipping on millions of items – from best-selling gifts and holiday décor, to the icing for their gingerbread cookies,” said Maria Renz, VP, global delivery experience at Amazon. “Whether you’re a planner or a procrastinator, this season Prime members have more delivery options than ever before and we thank our team of customer-obsessed associates and drivers who are delivering smiles throughout the holidays.”"}
{"id": "doc9035", "text": "Walmart is creating its own yearly paid subscription program to directly compete with Amazon Prime."}
{"id": "doc9036", "text": "According to Recode, the discount giant will begin piloting a membership program called Walmart+ as soon as March 2020. Walmart+ will serve as an expansion of Walmart’s current Delivery Unlimited subscription service. Delivery Unlimited provides free same-day delivery of online grocery orders from 1,600 participating Walmart stores for a yearly $98 fee. "}
{"id": "doc9037", "text": "The retailer may keep the same fee or experiment with different price strategies. Walmart also may add exclusive perks for members, such as discounts on prescriptions and fuel and in-store mobile checkout."}
{"id": "doc9038", "text": "Interestingly, Walmart also may reportedly offer text-based ordering as part of Walmart+. Text-based ordering was a feature of the retailer’s recently shuttered Jet black personal shopping service. When Walmart closed Jet black, it publicly said the service would “graduate” to join its customer organization."}
{"id": "doc9039", "text": "A Walmart spokesperson confirmed to Recode that the retailer is developing Walmart+, but did not provide details. The standard annual Amazon Prime rate is $119, although some different pricing models and discounts are available. eMarketer has reported that Amazon Prime represents close to 40% of total U.S. e-commerce sales."}
{"id": "doc9040", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc9041", "text": "Amazon is one of the first retailers out of the gate to report a happy holiday. "}
{"id": "doc9042", "text": "As always, the e-commerce giant provided no specifics on numbers of shoppers, items ordered or money spent — although it did provide some insight into grocery sales.  It described the holiday season as “record-breaking,” with “billions of items” ordered worldwide and “tens of millions” of Amazon Devices purchased worldwide. "}
{"id": "doc9043", "text": "Amazon reported that more people tried Prime this holiday season than any previous year, with more than 5 million new customers starting Prime free trials or beginning paid memberships worldwide in just one week alone. It said that the number of Prime members who tried grocery delivery for the first time this holiday season increased by more than 80%, and that Prime members ordered more than double the number of grocery items this holiday season compared to last year."}
{"id": "doc9044", "text": "Here are some other holiday highlights from Amazon:"}
{"id": "doc9045", "text": "• Amazon added more than 250,000 full and part-time seasonal roles across its global customer fulfillment network this holiday season, with the company now employing 750,000 employees worldwide."}
{"id": "doc9046", "text": "•    Sixty percent more customers shipped their holiday order to an Amazon pickup point this season compared to last year."}
{"id": "doc9047", "text": "•    The top 10 cities that used an Amazon Locker or Amazon Counter location this holiday were Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Seattle, Portland, San Jose, Berkeley (Calif.), Austin and Columbus."}
{"id": "doc9048", "text": "•    The last delivery with Amazon’s ultra-fast delivery arrived on Christmas Eve at 11:59 p.m. (PT) in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc9049", "text": "• Toys, fashion, home and beauty items were popular departments to shop with more than half a billion total items ordered in Amazon’s Stores."}
{"id": "doc9050", "text": "• It was a record-breaking holiday season for independent third-party sellers – mostly small and medium-sized businesses – with worldwide unit sales seeing double-digit year-over-year growth, surpassing a billion items sold in Amazon’s Stores."}
{"id": "doc9051", "text": "Best Buy is extending holiday hours across channels."}
{"id": "doc9052", "text": "The consumer electronics giant will have stores open until 6 p.m. local time Christmas Eve, Dec. 24. Other holiday store hours (local time) include: 6 p.m. "}
{"id": "doc9053", "text": "Stores will be closed Christmas Day, Dec. 25."}
{"id": "doc9054", "text": "Omnichannel shoppers have until 10:30 a.m. CT on Friday, Dec. 20, to order online. Eight p.m. local time on Monday, Dec. 23 is the deadline for ordering items that qualify for next day delivery. Until Monday, Dec. 23, customers can order online and select fast store pickup or curbside pickup to have purchases ready within one hour. On Tuesday, Dec. 24, online purchases can be ready via fast store pickup or curbside pickup within two hours until 6 p.m. local time. Curbside pickup is currently available in nearly 100 stores across the country."}
{"id": "doc9055", "text": "Furthermore, in the 42 U.S. metro areas where same-day delivery is available, online orders completed before 3 p.m. local time (noon local time on Sundays) are eligible for same-day shipping. Same-day shipping orders must be placed by noon local time on Tuesday, Dec. 24."}
{"id": "doc9056", "text": "Shoppers get free standard shipping on all orders and can see each products estimated arrival date on the product page and during the checkout process. Orders placed by 10:30 a.m. CT on Friday, Dec. 20 will arrive before Christmas with free shipping."}
{"id": "doc9057", "text": "Best Buy also provides an online gift center to help with gifting ideas."}
{"id": "doc9058", "text": "Consumers plan to use mobile payments this holiday season, but with reservations."}
{"id": "doc9059", "text": "According to the 2019 Holiday Shopping and Mobile Payments Survey from mobile rewards/payments platform Ibotta, nearly six in 10 respondents are likely to use a mobile payments solution for some of their holiday purchases this year. Another 39% are interested in learning more about mobile payments and rewards programs."}
{"id": "doc9060", "text": "Respondents are generally prepared for a mobile holiday, as nearly 60% say they have three or more rewards and/or payments apps on their phones. Another 15% have eight or more. "}
{"id": "doc9061", "text": "However, shoppers do not have uniformly positive views of mobile commerce as the holidays approach. More than half (52%) of respondents say they feel overwhelmed by the large number of mobile payments and rewards programs. When respondents who have not yet used or are hesitant to use mobile payments are asked why, leading answers include paying with a card is easier (14%), viewing mobile payments as a hassle (10%), and feeling uneducated about the options (10%)."}
{"id": "doc9062", "text": "And when asked what their first instinct would be when invited to sign up for a new retailer app or rewards program at the register, 21% of survey respondents would immediately dismiss the offer because of the large number of programs they’re already signed up for, 20% assume it requires too much work, and 34% assume there is a catch."}
{"id": "doc9063", "text": "Additional survey takeaways include:"}
{"id": "doc9064", "text": "•    Of the 61% of survey respondents who have used their phones to make an in-store purchase, 63% are motivated by payment methods that offer rewards, rebates and cash back, while 55% would be inclined to adopt mobile payments if the solutions saved them money."}
{"id": "doc9065", "text": "•    54% of respondents say mobile payments solutions are more convenient than using card payments in-store."}
{"id": "doc9066", "text": "•    53% want to know if mobile payments and rewards programs will save them money, 37% want to know if they will save them time, and 35% want to know if they can expect faster checkout times."}
{"id": "doc9067", "text": "•    Two-thirds say they’re most likely to use mobile payments at major retailers. The mobile shopping solutions and reward platforms detailed in the survey included, but were not limited to Apple Pay, Google Pay, Pay with Ibotta, Samsung Pay, Starbucks Rewards, Target Cartwheel, Target Circle, Walmart Pay, and Zelle. Ibotta surveyed 1,074 U.S. consumers age 18-65."}
{"id": "doc9068", "text": "Fifty-two percent of consumers have abandoned an online purchase out of fear of a difficult return process."}
{"id": "doc9069", "text": "That’s according to a survey by monthly installment payment solution Splitit, which highlights the growing importance of consumer returns within the e-commerce industry. The Splitit survey revealed that a good return policy is not only key to overall customer experience, but directly affects Web conversion and, ultimately, a retailer’s bottom line."}
{"id": "doc9070", "text": "The Splitit survey revealed that nearly 60% of consumers have returned an online purchase, with 38% having returned up to 10% of all online purchases they have made. Twelve percent of respondents returned a purchase within the past month, 11% within the last six months, and 18% did so within the last year. Splitit also discovered that 48% of respondents have purchased multiple variations of an item with the intention of returning one or more items, the process known as “bracketing.” More importantly for merchants, the survey demonstrates that a retailer’s return policy weighs heavily on web conversion, with returns top of mind for consumers when deciding whether to make a purchase. The survey found that 52% of consumers have abandoned an online purchase out of fear of a difficult return process. This number increases to 67% for millennial respondents (ages 25-34), highlighting the heightened importance of a smooth return process for those who grew up accustomed to online shopping. And with 10% of consumers dissatisfied in some way with their last return experience, the survey results serve as a warning to retailers that returns are high stakes – with customer experience and overall sales at risk. Splitit’s survey also revealed the top qualities consumers look for in a return policy:•         20% of respondents said a return shipping fee would make them less likely to purchase from a given retailer.•         39% of respondents ranked “free shipping” as the overall most important feature of a good return policy.•         30% of respondents ranked “no questions asked” as the most important feature of a good return policy. “Whether it’s a fear of buyer’s remorse or uncertainty about fit, our research shows that, today, returns are a top consideration for consumers even before their purchase is completed,” said Brad Paterson, CEO of Splitit. “More than ever, we are seeing the importance of an easy return process to give consumers peace of mind and increase revenue, as returns are determining purchases long before a customer reaches checkout.” “By combining a simple and transparent return policy with flexible payments options like installment payments or buy now, pay later solutions, retailers are able to give consumers the confidence and the time to make the right purchase without creating a burden on their finances.”"}
{"id": "doc9071", "text": "Retailers prioritize customer experience, but question their own effectiveness in delivering key aspects."}
{"id": "doc9072", "text": "According to a new survey of retailers from retail technology company Bluecore and Forrester Consulting, 45% of respondents said that winning new customers was one of the three most important business objectives for their company this year. Right behind customer acquisition was “customer experience,” with 39% of respondents citing it as one of their three highest priorities."}
{"id": "doc9073", "text": "Despite this high prioritization of customer experience, only 21% and 20% of respondents believe they are effective at customer experience and acquisition, respectively. This might be because 50% of respondents claim to spend only 30% or less of their time on their top objectives."}
{"id": "doc9074", "text": "Specifically, only 12% of respondents claimed to be very effective at delivering personalized experiences to customers, while just 30% said they are effective at driving seamless and consistent omnichannel experiences. "}
{"id": "doc9075", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc9076", "text": "•    More than one-third of respondents (36%) have to wait up to a week or more for campaign or audience data. Only 10% claim to have access to data in real-time or near real-time. Twelve percent get it within a day and 42% say it takes a few days to complete their data requests. "}
{"id": "doc9077", "text": "•    More than 40% of respondents believe their organizational structure hurts data management efforts. •    Only 35% of respondents say their marketing technology is contributing to their ability to improve customer experience. Just 21% say it helps them win new customers, while 15% credit marketing technology with creating or increasing customer value.  Forrester Consulting surveyed 307 marketing technology decision-makers at retail enterprises in the U.S. and Europe representing apparel and footwear (62%), home goods (50%), health and beauty (43%) and luxury goods (34%) verticals, many working in more than one of these categories."}
{"id": "doc9078", "text": "7-Eleven is moving forward with its “evolution store format. "}
{"id": "doc9079", "text": "The c-store giant, which unveiled the concept last March in Dallas, has expanded it to Washington, D.C., with an additional location to open in San Diego in the coming months. 7-Eleven said it plans to continue to expand the concept across the country in 2020."}
{"id": "doc9080", "text": "The evolution format is designed to serve as a lab store and real-time experiential testing ground where customers can try the retailer’s latest innovations. "}
{"id": "doc9081", "text": "“Our evolution stores bring outstanding innovation to life through new food and beverage platforms as well as through digital experiences,” said 7-Eleven president and CEO Joe DePinto."}
{"id": "doc9082", "text": "The initial location exceeded expectations with enthusiastic reviews, crowds of customers and sales that continue to climb, according to 7-Eleven. The concepts that resonate with consumers are refined before being incorporated into the next generation of the chain’s current and new store standards."}
{"id": "doc9083", "text": "The evolution stores include a Laredo Taco Company restaurant. (7-Eleven acquired the Laredo Taco Company restaurants along with Stripes convenience stores in South Texas as part of the 1,000-store acquisition from Sunoco in 2018.) "}
{"id": "doc9084", "text": "They also feature an assortment of exclusive products, services and features customized to the neighborhoods they serve.  Digital initiatives that enhance the shopping experience are woven into the concept, including technology that allows customers to skip the checkout line and pay for their purchases via the 7-Eleven app."}
{"id": "doc9085", "text": "Other features include: •    Made-to-order specialty drinks that give customers the option to customize their drinks in a full-service beverage format including custom hot coffee drinks like flavored lattes, mochas and more as well as custom cold drinks like smoothies, agua frescas and cold brew coffee;"}
{"id": "doc9086", "text": "•    Self-serve specialty coffee drinks with the addition of touch-screen machines that brew custom hot coffee drinks like lattes, cappuccinos, espresso shots and more in just seconds; "}
{"id": "doc9087", "text": "•     Cold treats bar with multiple frozen yogurt and ice cream  with multiple toppings;•    National brand electronics such as tablets and Bluetooth headphones available for sale from a secure, self-serve kiosk;  •    On-the-go beauty with expanded skin care, makeup and other health and beauty items; and"}
{"id": "doc9088", "text": "•    7Now Delivery App – 7-Elevens on-demand delivery app allows customers to   have their favorite items delivered to their door."}
{"id": "doc9089", "text": "•    Certain locations include The Cellar, an alcove dedicated to an expanded selection of wines and craft beers, with a nearby growler station that features a rotating selection of local craft beer, cider and ales on tap. "}
{"id": "doc9090", "text": "“These new stores are invaluable learning labs, where new concepts are tailored to meet the needs of the communities they will serve from sunny southern California to the fast-paced world of the East Coast, said 7-Eleven executive VP and COO Chris Tanco. We will continue to evolve based on customer feedback and we look forward to creating the next generation of convenience together."}
{"id": "doc9091", "text": "Online retailers are partially prepared to do business in an Amazon-dominated landscape. "}
{"id": "doc9092", "text": "According to the “2020 E-commerce Leaders Survey” of over 120 industry executives from e-commerce platform provider Yottaa, more than 75% of respondents are focused on closing the competitive gap with Amazon. Sixty-five percent are using personalized promotions to set themselves apart, while 46% would consider merging their fulfillment networks with other brands."}
{"id": "doc9093", "text": "However, 71% of respondents are not currently offering free, same-day shipping to compete with Amazon, and 68% do not provide free, same-day shipping promo codes."}
{"id": "doc9094", "text": "The study also indicates that the average respondent annual investment in third parties (which can be used as a competitive tool against Amazon) has grown to $2 million in 2020 from $1.4 million in 2019. The average number of third parties added annually has increased to five from three in the past 12 months. "}
{"id": "doc9095", "text": "However, two-thirds (67%) of respondents are concerned that at any given time, customer data captured by third parties could cause them to become non-compliant with privacy policies. Supporting this finding, the trending investment initiative in 2020 is privacy compliance, compared to mobile in 2019."}
{"id": "doc9096", "text": "The survey also found that:"}
{"id": "doc9097", "text": "•    45% of respondents plan to replatform in the next 12 months;"}
{"id": "doc9098", "text": "•    60% of respondents currently leverage or plan to leverage a “headless commerce” e-commerce architecture that connects separated front and back ends with APIs;"}
{"id": "doc9099", "text": "•    65% of respondents say they have two to three seconds to capture a shopper’s attention before 50% or more of customers leave their site;"}
{"id": "doc9100", "text": "•    61% of respondents are confident faster site performance leads to higher conversion rates."}
{"id": "doc9101", "text": "Consumers are prepared to spend online and off between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday."}
{"id": "doc9102", "text": "Seventy-nine percent of consumers plan to shop for holiday gifts during the five-day period between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday (Nov. 28 – Dec. 2), according to the Deloitte Pre-Thanksgiving Pulse Survey."}
{"id": "doc9103", "text": "The average spend is expected to be $415 per household."}
{"id": "doc9104", "text": "Gen X shoppers plan on spending the most during the Thanksgiving period (an average of $452), closely followed by millennials at $446. Gen Z consumers will spend less at an average of $335, but they lead all groups in heading to brick-and-mortar stores on Black Friday at 82%, followed by 60% of millennial shoppers who plan to be in stores on Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc9105", "text": "Online shopping is expected to account for more than half (53%) of Thanksgiving period spend ($234). For those who will shop in-store during the Thanksgiving period, 36% will do so on Cyber Monday. "}
{"id": "doc9106", "text": "Other key findings include:•    94% of respondents planning to shop during the Thanksgiving period will shop online, with 87% planning to shop in-store. Online retailers and mass-merchant stores are the preferred shopping venues."}
{"id": "doc9107", "text": "•    Almost all respondents (91%) said they planned to spend the same or more when compared to two months ago. A third of them (38%) plan to spend more."}
{"id": "doc9108", "text": "•    More than 40% of all online spend for the Thanksgiving period is expected to occur on Cyber Monday, Dec. 2. Additionally, of consumers who plan on shopping online, 72% will do so on Cyber Monday."}
{"id": "doc9109", "text": "•    Of those who plan to shop in-store, 70% will do so on Black Friday. More than one-quarter of respondents (26%) will do so on Thanksgiving Day."}
{"id": "doc9110", "text": "•    For those individuals who plan on shopping online, one-third (33%) will do so on Thanksgiving Day and 54% plan to shop online on Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc9111", "text": "“Despite retailers getting a jump-start on holiday deals, whether that’s announcing a pre-Black Friday sale or offering free shipping, we’re expecting a solid showing in stores on Black Friday this year,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman, Deloitte LLP, and U.S. leader, retail, wholesale and distribution. “For many groups of friends and family, Black Friday shopping is a tradition that brings them all together. However, online shopping continues to attract shoppers, both on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. In fact, of the folks we surveyed, more plan on shopping online than in-store during the Thanksgiving period.” Deloitte commissioned a survey of 1,200 consumers."}
{"id": "doc9112", "text": "Dislodging the top online teen shopping destination would be a mighty quest indeed."}
{"id": "doc9113", "text": "According to the 38th semi-annual Taking Stock With Teens survey from investment bank/institutional securities firm Piper Jaffray, 52% of respondents named Amazon their top online shopping site. Nike came in second with 4% of respondents, or one-thirteenth of Amazon’s share. American Eagle (3%), Urban Outfitters, eBay, and PacSun (2% each) followed."}
{"id": "doc9114", "text": "Nike fared better as teens’ top footwear brand, leading all competitors with a comfortable 47% of respondents naming it their favorite. Nike did not dominate footwear quite as thoroughly as Amazon overwhelmed online shopping, with Vans (28%) and Adidas (12%) also receiving double-digit shares of top footwear brand response."}
{"id": "doc9115", "text": "Nike was also the most favored clothing brand (23%), followed by American Eagle (10%), Adidas (8%), Hollister (4%), and PacSun (4%). In beauty destinations, Ulta came out on top (38%), trailed by Sephora (26%), Walmart (8%), Target (7%), and Amazon 5%."}
{"id": "doc9116", "text": "Other key findings include:•    Food continues to be male teens’ top spending category (23%), while clothing is female teens’ number one wallet share (27%)."}
{"id": "doc9117", "text": "•    91% of female teens preferred shopping for beauty in-store vs. online —consistent with historic trends."}
{"id": "doc9118", "text": "•    89% of female teens use online influencers as a source of discovery for beauty brands and trends, with Kylie Jenner the top beauty influencer."}
{"id": "doc9119", "text": "•    Female teens indicated they spend an average of $90 per year on handbags — a new survey low and compares to peak spending of $197 per year in spring 2006."}
{"id": "doc9120", "text": "•    Preppy brands such as Sperry, Ralph Lauren and Vineyard Vines continue to cede share to athletic brands —36% of preferred apparel brands are “athletic,” up from 34% last fall."}
{"id": "doc9121", "text": "•    Teens spend 37% of their daily video consumption on YouTube, ahead of Netflix at 35%."}
{"id": "doc9122", "text": "•    iPhone ownership remains at 83%, 86% of teens expect an iPhone to be their next phone."}
{"id": "doc9123", "text": "The Piper Jaffray Taking Stock With Teens survey is a semi-annual research project that gathers input from 9,500 teens across 42 U.S. states with an average age of 15.8 years. "}
{"id": "doc9124", "text": "Shipping costs are important, but not the top motivator for consumers during the holidays."}
{"id": "doc9125", "text": "According to the 2019 Consumer Shopping Holiday Report from Rakuten Marketing, 58% of consumers say price affects their holiday shopping decisions the most. Broken down into specific pricing areas, 43% of consumers are most incentivized by sales and deals, almost double the 23% who focus most on shipping costs. Other popular motivators include coupons (15%) and rebates (13%)."}
{"id": "doc9126", "text": "The survey also examined generational differences in holiday shopping behavior. Sixty-two percent of millennial and Gen Z consumers age 18-34, as well as 60% of Gen X consumers age 35-54, prefer spending money for holiday purchases online. However, 53% of baby boomers age 55-plus prefer holiday shopping in a physical store."}
{"id": "doc9127", "text": "In addition, millennial and Gen Z consumers are much more likely than other generations (45%) to browse and purchase holiday gifts on social platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and Snapchat. Across generations, 44% of consumers use social media for gift inspiration, while 64% are likely to buy a gift that was brought to their attention by advertising. "}
{"id": "doc9128", "text": "Although 60% of consumers have adjusted their spending due to recession concerns, 72% plan to spend up to $1,000 on holiday gifts this year."}
{"id": "doc9129", "text": "Rakuten also created a “holiday shopper timeline” that divided consumers by when they perform holiday shopping. The five categories are:"}
{"id": "doc9130", "text": "•    Early birds who begin as early as July (19%). Forty-one percent of early birds used Prime Day as an opportunity to save money on holiday gifts."}
{"id": "doc9131", "text": "•    Winter shoppers who focus all their holiday shopping on the months of November and December (29%)."}
{"id": "doc9132", "text": "•    Bargain hunters who tailor their holiday shopping around sales days like Black Friday and Cyber Monday (17%). Two-thirds (66%) of bargain hunters shop on Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc9133", "text": "•    Sporadic shoppers who make holiday purchases throughout the season, with 36% stating they are not motivated by sales (22%)."}
{"id": "doc9134", "text": "•    Last-minute shoppers who wait until the weeks before Christmas (13%). Forty-three percent of last-minute shoppers are not motivated by discounts or sales."}
{"id": "doc9135", "text": "A wide assortment of private label Macy’s products is now available on a popular online wedding planning site. "}
{"id": "doc9136", "text": "Customers who create digital wedding registries using the Zola site can register for more than 2,000 private label and exclusive gift items from Macy’s across categories including bedding, bath, tabletop, and home. Zola is the only source for this curated assortment of goods besides Macy’s."}
{"id": "doc9137", "text": "Customers ordering Macy’s private label products on Zola can use the wedding site’s registry benefits including free shipping, Zola mobile app, and integration with all of Zolas free wedding websites. The technology developed as part of this partnership allows Macys to fulfill the orders placed directly on Zola."}
{"id": "doc9138", "text": "The list of private brands and exclusive Macy’s products launching on Zola includes Hotel Collection, The Cellar, Charter Club, Martha Stewart Collection, Silken Slumber, Noritake, and Lucky Brand Home."}
{"id": "doc9139", "text": "Macys creates memorable experiences for our customers, helping them celebrate lifes moments, big and small, said Parinda Muley, Macys senior director of business development. By partnering with Zola, were adding another way to bring Macys best private and exclusive products to every couple wishing to say I do."}
{"id": "doc9140", "text": "Engaged couples have flocked to Zola for our ability to innovate and simplify what was traditionally a complex wedding planning experience. Partnering with Macys is another way we are making it easy for couples to register for everything they need for their newlywed home, said Shan-Lyn Ma, CEO and co-founder of Zola. Were thrilled to be making this announcement during peak engagement season. This is one more reason why couples will choose to plan their wedding with Zola."}
{"id": "doc9141", "text": "Macys operates approximately 640 locations in 43 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam."}
{"id": "doc9142", "text": "Couples can register for a cash fund to help out with their honeymoon or make a house down payment on Bed Bath & Beyond’s new wedding registry platform.   The platform, dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way,” allows couples to register for traditional gift essentials as well as “gift experiences” in-store, online or via app. They can also create a cash fund. The registry also gives customers access to digital tools such as a registry checklist, price analyzer, collection starter and thank-you manager. "}
{"id": "doc9143", "text": "In addition, the struggling home furnishings retailer offers perks such as a completion discount and bonus gifts via the platform. Until March 18, 2020, new registrants can qualify to earn $100 in Bed Bath & Beyond rewards when they create a registry."}
{"id": "doc9144", "text": "This new wedding registry experience highlights the comprehensive capabilities Bed Bath & Beyond has built for our registrants to create a wedding registry as unique as the couple themselves, said interim marketing lead Michael Krueger. Your Registry, Your Way was created to conveniently combine alternative gifting options with traditional product essentials all-in-one place to make it easy for our registrants to create a home and life together."}
{"id": "doc9145", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new partnership making an assortment of private-label Macy’s items available on the Zola online wedding planning site."}
{"id": "doc9146", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, Bed Bath & Beyond had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc9147", "text": "Chinese KFC customers can now fill their bellies and their gas tanks in one trip."}
{"id": "doc9148", "text": "Yum China Holdings Inc., which holds exclusive rights in mainland China to KFC, has opened its first franchised KFC gas station restaurants. The new stores were opened in collaboration with China Petrochemical Corporation (Sinopec) and China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). These openings follow an announcement made in March 2019 that Yum China would develop franchised restaurants at Sinopec and CNPC gas stations across China."}
{"id": "doc9149", "text": "On Dec. 17, 2019, the first franchised KFC restaurant since signing the cooperation agreement was opened in a CNPC gas station in Kunming, Yunnan Province. Meanwhile, in Dalian, Liaoning Province, the first KFC franchised restaurant in a Sinopec gas station is set to open on Dec. 23, 2019."}
{"id": "doc9150", "text": "At present, Sinopec and CNPC collectively operate over 50,000 gas stations in China, of which more than 30,000 belong to Sinopec and more than 20,000 belong to CNPC. The partnership with both companies will enable Yum China to accelerate the expansion of its portfolio of brands, which also include Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, into gas stations and highway service areas across the country. Under the cooperation agreements, Yum China has a target to open over 100 stores over three years, using a variety of different models."}
{"id": "doc9151", "text": "We are delighted that within a year, our collaborations with Sinopec and CNPC are already starting to bear fruit. The first franchised gas station restaurants represent an important milestone in our long-term strategic partnership with both companies, said Joey Wat, CEO of Yum China. Together with Sinopec and CNPC, we are committed to building a successful business model and creating innovation-driven growth together."}
{"id": "doc9152", "text": "These openings come after a pilot franchised KFC restaurant successfully opened in October 2018 at a CNPC gas station located in Tangshan, Hebei Province. According to the agreement, KFC has become CNPCs only Western quick-service restaurant franchise partner in its gas station channel.  Yum China will also work with Sinopec and CNPC to explore additional opportunities to collaborate in other consumer-facing fields."}
{"id": "doc9153", "text": "Krispy Kreme is delivering on a key customer service enhancement it has long been piloting."}
{"id": "doc9154", "text": "The quick-service coffee retailer is rolling out digital delivery at nearly all of its U.S. stores starting Saturday, Feb. 29. Krispy Kreme began testing online ordering and delivery in select U.S. markets in 2018. In July 2019, Krispy Kreme unveiled plans for a new store design, menu, and slate of customer services that would include delivery. Now, customers near most Krispy Kreme U.S. stores can place delivery orders via the retailer’s website or mobile app. "}
{"id": "doc9155", "text": "To mark the occasion of its nationwide delivery launch, Krispy Kreme will deliver free doughnuts to dozens of hospitals on Feb. 29. Parents, families, doctors, nurses and other maternity ward staff at hospitals within 10 miles of most Krispy Kreme shops can post on Instagram and Twitter when a baby is delivered, citing the hospital, tagging @KrispyKreme and using #KrispyKremeSpecialDelivery. Throughout the day, Krispy Kreme will surprise families and hospital staff with deliveries of five dozen free doughnuts to celebrate “Leap Day” babies."}
{"id": "doc9156", "text": "“Krispy Kreme doughnut delivery is pretty sweet, and so are Leap Day babies,” said Dave Skena, chief marketing officer for Krispy Kreme. “Using 2020’s extra day to make the leap to national delivery, while celebrating Leap Day babies, will be a fun moment for our brand and fans.” "}
{"id": "doc9157", "text": "Krispy Kreme is introducing online delivery while major competitor Starbucks has been expanding the established on-demand delivery program it runs in partnership with Uber Eats to 49 markets in 29 states."}
{"id": "doc9158", "text": "Krispy Kreme has nearly 1,400 shops in 33 countries. "}
{"id": "doc9159", "text": "Dunkin’s new promotional holiday pop-up occupies virtual space."}
{"id": "doc9160", "text": "The coffee retailer has opened “Dunkin’ Shop,” a limited-time online pop-up store that offers an assortment of exclusive holiday gifts. Limited edition merchandise, which will not be sold elsewhere, includes apparel items such as sweaters, pajamas and joggers; as well as accessories like scrunchies, a fanny pack, and an electric guitar. One exception is specially branded “Dunkin’ Wrappin’” gift wrapping paper – the first 100 customers to purchase a dozen donuts at participating stores nationwide starting Nov. 14 will receive a free sheet."}
{"id": "doc9161", "text": "Dunkin designed its online holiday pop-up in partnership with design-led creative company Jones Knowles Ritchie (JKR). The merchandise was produced by Bamko, a branded merchandise firm based in Los Angeles. While all holiday items are only available while supplies last, Dunkin’ plans to bring Dunkin’ Shop back for the 2020 holiday season. "}
{"id": "doc9162", "text": "In the meantime, the retailer is offering a variety of other holiday gifts at participating stores across the country, including ornaments, lip balm, and discounted holiday packages of ground coffee and coffee pods."}
{"id": "doc9163", "text": "One in four small-to-mid-sized businesses (SMBs) keep larger competitors in mind when making shipping/logistics decisions."}
{"id": "doc9164", "text": "According to the “2020 SMB Shipping Strategies Report” from uShip, a logistics technology platform for large and bulky goods, nearly half (47%) of SMB decision makers who have involvement or influence in distribution/logistics and/or procurement/purchasing estimate an increase to their shipping spend in 2020 compared to 2019. The study, conducted online with third-party research firm YouGov, also revealed SMB shipping spend is being influenced by big-box retailers. Twenty-five percent of surveyed SMB decision-makers said the logistics strategies of Amazon and Walmart are influencing how they think about shipping, while 27% said those strategies are influencing how their customers think about shipping. Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc9165", "text": "•    20% of SMB decision-makers would rather invest in the right logistics team over technology, while 30% plan to make new logistics technology a priority. Fourteen percent say investing in new technology is too expensive, while 17% prefer to invest in alternatives to traditional shipping options such as UPS, FedEx, and freight brokers.•    17% don’t trust fragile items to arrive safely or unbroken.•    15% can’t find a reliable carrier to ship oversized and bulky items •    12% can’t find an affordable shipping solution.•    11% don’t know where to find alternative shipping options to organizations like UPS and freight brokers. "}
{"id": "doc9166", "text": "A rapidly-growing franchise chain is offering points and special shopping features to members of its new loyalty program."}
{"id": "doc9167", "text": "Duck Donuts is taking off with Duck Donuts Rewards, a mobile point-based loyalty program based on the LevelUp platform. Available to download on Apple Store and Google Play, the app is designed to work seamlessly with Duck Donuts’ existing POS technology. Rewards members can order ahead in the app and skip the line when they arrive at the store, or scan the app in-store to pay. Customers will earn five points for every dollar spent that will unlock rewards as the status levels increase. As a signup perk, customers receive a free donut after first purchase and on their birthday, in addition to other surprise benefits throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc9168", "text": "In addition to driving visits and purchases, Duck Donuts hopes the program will provide consumer-driven data that will enable better insight into its target audiences."}
{"id": "doc9169", "text": "The following rewards are unlocked at each status level:•    Welcome: Free customized donut after first purchase.•    Fantasduck: Earn 300 points and choose between a free donut or medium coffee.•    Incrediduck: Earn 600 points and receive two free donuts and a medium coffee.•    Magnifiduck: Earn 1,200 points to earn a free half-dozen donuts.•    Stependuck: Earn 2,250 points to receive a free dozen donuts."}
{"id": "doc9170", "text": "We are thrilled to announce the official launch of Duck Donuts Rewards, giving us the opportunity to further engage and reward our loyal guests with our point-based system,” said Russ DiGilio, Duck Donuts founder and CEO. “Duck Donuts Rewards provides a mobile-friendly user experience and convenient way to enjoy our warm, delicious and made-to-order donuts. Having the ability to order donuts and earn rewards in the same app truly streamlines the checkout experience for our customers.”  Duck Donuts opened its first locations in 2007 in Duck and Kitty Hawk, N.C. By 2011, the retailer had expanded to four Outer Banks locations. The first franchise opened in Williamsburg, Va., in 2013, and there are now 90 open franchise locations and more than 145 additional contracts in 26 states and four countries."}
{"id": "doc9171", "text": "The overwhelming majority (90%) of retailers will make some changes to how they market in 2020 because of the presidential election. But only 40% of Americans say the election will impact the brands they shop."}
{"id": "doc9172", "text": "That’s according to RetailMeNot’s 2020 Retailer Playbook, which examines consumer preferences and retail marketers strategies for the new decade. In other findings, 82% of Americans would rather receive free shipping than expedited shipping, and 51% are willing to wait longer for eco-friendly shipping options from retailers like Amazon. But once cost becomes a factor, 70% prefer the lowest price over environmental impact. "}
{"id": "doc9173", "text": "Here are the top expectations and retailer challenges for 2020 as noted in the RetailMeNot report.  1. Politics will impact retailer strategies, but consumers dont care as much as retailers expect. 2. Consumers would rather get free shipping over expedited shipping, putting more pressure on retailers to offer competitive shipping deals. 3. Shoppers prefer the lowest shipping cost over an eco-friendly shipping option. 4. To avoid paying for shipping, most consumers would go in-store to purchase an item. 5. Consumers expect retailers to provide expedited shipping options during the holiday season, resulting in less pressure to shop early 6. White-glove concierge service is a nice to have — for now.  7. Retailers are peeling back their investments in mobile and social advertising. 8. Credit card rewards are undercutting retail loyalty programs. 9. Few consumers have signed up for subscription services, despite early adoption by millennials. 10. Amazon Prime Day may be the new Black Friday, with consumers saying they found better deals in July 2019 than on the historic shopping day in November."}
{"id": "doc9174", "text": "In more shipping findings, 81% of Americans expect retailers to offer more expedited shipping options during the holidays in 2020. Exacerbating the situation, 44% of consumers admit they will shop later in the 2020 holiday season because they know they can receive items faster. Procrastinators will pose a major challenge for many brands as 63% of retailers struggle to keep up with shipping deals offered by their competitors."}
{"id": "doc9175", "text": "In other findings from RetailMeNot:• Forty-eight percent of retailers are more willing to take a public stand on social values in 2020. • Fifty-six percent are being more conscious of any political connections that can be made to what they post on social channels. •    Forty-four percent are designing marketing materials to tie the election into what they are selling •    Forty-three percent are having a sale  related to Election Day "}
{"id": "doc9176", "text": "Our 2020 trends show the continued changing preferences of consumers and the power they still hold over retailers, said Sara Skirboll, shopping and trends expert at RetailMeNot. For example, RetailMeNot found at the beginning of 2019 that retailers were bullish about voice-assisted shopping but as the year unfolded, only 16% of consumers reported ever buying a product via their smart home speakers. As a result, only 38% of retailers plan to implement a voice-assisted shopping strategy this year.  "}
{"id": "doc9177", "text": "Click here to view the full 2020 Playbook."}
{"id": "doc9178", "text": "Several specific technologies can help keep customers coming back to your stores."}
{"id": "doc9179", "text": "According to results of the 2020 State of Mobility in Retail Report from mobile/IoT management solutions provider SOTI, 31% of U.S. respondents are more likely to shop again in a store that offers a better technology experience. Twenty-two percent are likely to stay in the store longer, while 19% are likely to spend more money and 10% will trust the brand more."}
{"id": "doc9180", "text": "The survey also delved into specific tech-enabled aspects of the store experience that help build customer loyalty. Twenty-one percent of U.S. respondents said a personalized shopping experience that knows them and their preferences is most important, while 32% said keeping their personal data secure is most important."}
{"id": "doc9181", "text": "Other interesting findings among U.S. respondents include:"}
{"id": "doc9182", "text": "•    Nearly half (48%) are excited about retail stores tailoring their experience with innovations like facial recognitions and beacons.•    Seventy-eight percent believe that retailers that implement mobile technology for both consumers (self-service) and sales associates to use, enable a faster shopping experience.•    Forty-five percent indicated that they prefer sales associates to use mobile devices that allow for checkout on the sales floor over the traditional cash register.•    U.S. consumers still prefer traditional payment methods like credit and debit cards (53%) and cash (23%) to mobile/alternative payment apps such as Apple Pay (11%) and wearable payment methods like smartwatches (5%), which are still emerging technologies.•    Fifty percent are very comfortable with voice-activated shopping using assistants such as Amazon Alex and Google Home, with more not having heard of this technology (27%) than being uncomfortable with it (23%)."}
{"id": "doc9183", "text": "•    The alternative delivery method with the highest percentage of consumer comfort is click-and-collect (44%), followed by drones (37%), autonomous vehicles (30%), delivery to the trunk of a parked car (28%), and in-home delivery via smart lock (19%)."}
{"id": "doc9184", "text": "In partnership with Arlington Research, SOTI looked at global consumer shopping habits in the U.S., U.K., Germany and Sweden."}
{"id": "doc9185", "text": "The news on retail store openings and closings continues to make headlines. "}
{"id": "doc9186", "text": "Some observers predict a continued march toward empty stores and malls in favor of online shopping, while others focus on the innovative new retail concepts, in-store refresh initiatives, and specialty stores positioning for new growth. There’s a consensus though - the retail landscape is changing dramatically - and today’s chain store retailers will have to deliver a more positive shopping experience to stay in the game. "}
{"id": "doc9187", "text": "While there will always be varying perspectives on the news, we need to take a balanced view. For example, IHL’s retail analyst Greg Buzek made headlines of his own with a different take on conclusions from a widely publicized retail report that predicted thousands of store closings in coming years. "}
{"id": "doc9188", "text": "While Buzek praised the historical sales data used to make the dim predictions, he raised serious concerns that the report relied primarily on math, excluded current retail trends, and was written with an inherent bias toward online sales as the primary and preferred future of retail. Its only premise was if online sales go up, store numbers must decrease.  "}
{"id": "doc9189", "text": "And this ignores the greatest area of retail growth, which is stores serving as the fulfillment channel for online sales and that over 80% of all retail sales will be fulfilled with the help of local stores.  "}
{"id": "doc9190", "text": "On the positive side for in-store retailers, Buzek noted that “it is very rare for a well-run retail business that has adapted to changes in consumer trends, invested in technologies and has a reasonable balance sheet to have closed a sizable number of stores.”  "}
{"id": "doc9191", "text": "Smart stores – open doorsThe “smart stores will stay open” prediction holds good insight. Keeping close tabs on consumer trends and investing in the right technology are strategies that many forward-thinking chain retailers are adapting right now. In the past 12 months, we’ve seen retailers of all types positioning to serve the new consumer.  "}
{"id": "doc9192", "text": "Store services draw a crowdIn addition to new stores opening their doors, smart retailers of all kinds are offering new “store within a store” experiences to better satisfy customers, as well as in-store services such as returns processing to draw online shoppers into the store. Other high-growth shopping trends that have an in-store component include “buy online and pick-up in store” (BOPIS) and “click and collect” (C&C). "}
{"id": "doc9193", "text": "Boost store efficiency and customer experience with the right technology To boost store efficiency, many chain store retailers are placing a high priority on deploying newer technology to provide an improved in-store experience and seamless processes for shopping, check-out and returns.  "}
{"id": "doc9194", "text": "As new systems for store improvements are evaluated, technologies such as AI or IoT are often touted as must-haves. And while retail systems deploying these technologies hold promise, they can be expensive and require long, complex implementations. For retailers seeking to quickly implement changes that improve operations and experiences, the smartest place to start is also the simplest: barcode labeling. "}
{"id": "doc9195", "text": "Implementing a barcode labeling system in retail is quick, easy and cost effective. Retailers will boost operational efficiency at checkout, on the sales floor, in the aisle, or even in the warehouse with the ability to print labels, receipts and tags on-demand. There are a wide range of uses in retail including:"}
{"id": "doc9196", "text": "•    Product labels and tags •    Shelf-edge labels and tags•    Receipts•    Mobile POS•    Queue-busting receipts•    Proof of purchase labeling•    Online order/in-store pickup labeling (BOPIS, C&C)•    Returns labeling•    Invoices•    Custom labels (paint, materials, and fabrics)•    Inventory and price display compliance•    Standalone labeling"}
{"id": "doc9197", "text": "One type of retail labeling solution with a fast path to payback is the popular quick deploy kit, which gives retailers a turnkey, all-in-one system. Retailers can quickly realize the operational benefits of using compact, lightweight mobile label printers for fast printing in-aisle or across the showroom floor, as well as take advantage of stationary printer options for store counter or back-of-store needs. "}
{"id": "doc9198", "text": "Another important consideration for retailers seeking a smooth transition is to choose systems that are out-of-the-box ready and stand-alone, so there is no need for POS, ERP or price book interfaces. That way, sales associates, warehouse employees or other staff can simply load SKU, UPC or menu item files directly into the printer from a mobile device or desktop, connect a USB scanner via host port or Bluetooth, scan barcodes and print. "}
{"id": "doc9199", "text": "Retail sunset or reinvigoration? Retail news will always make headlines. And while it’s safe to say that some stores will close and sunset, new stores and chains in exciting new categories are continuing to open up shop and thrive. Those retailers with an eye on deploying technology for peak operational efficiency and to support new in-store experiences will be best positioned to keep cash registers rolling to ring up profits. "}
{"id": "doc9200", "text": "David Crist is president of Brother Mobile Solutions Inc."}
{"id": "doc9201", "text": "J.C. Penney wants to make its stores more fun and easier to shop."}
{"id": "doc9202", "text": "The 117-year-old department store retailer opened a revamped location at North East Mall in the Dallas suburb of Hurst, Texas, that features a totally reimagined format and a truncated name: Penney’s (which is how most people refer to it.) "}
{"id": "doc9203", "text": "Built around data and insights learned from more than a year of customer research, the “brand-defining” store is experiential at its core, and a direct result of what today’s shoppers want from a retailer, the company said. The new format comes as Penney’s, under a new leadership time put in place by new CEO Jill Soltau, is looking to turn around its fortunes after a long slump of losses."}
{"id": "doc9204", "text": "“Our customers are at the heart of everything we do,” said Soltau, who took the reins of the company about a year ago. “They told us that they want a retailer that reflects their lives, makes them feel good about themselves, is fun to shop and truly understands the important moments in their lives, big and small. This store is more than a renovated location, it is the fullest articulation of our customer-centered strategy, an investment in our future and a lab to inform decisions to return JCPenney to sustainable, profitable growth.”"}
{"id": "doc9205", "text": "For shopping ease, the merchandise layout in the store has been reorganized, with the clothing assortments organized by occasion, ranging from “All Day” for casual workwear and weekend wear to “Shine” for special times. "}
{"id": "doc9206", "text": "A new area, All-You, showcases fashion jewelry and accessories, the in-store Sephora shop and Penney’s updated beauty salon, Salon and Spa by InStyle.  The store also features Penney’s first-ever barbershop, The Barbery. "}
{"id": "doc9207", "text": "Other new features include “The Styling Rooms,” fitting rooms that are equipped with technology that allows shoppers to get new sizes or colors without leaving the space. The rooms are staffed with style experts who will help customers pull together outfits. "}
{"id": "doc9208", "text": "In the home goods area, Penney’s partnered with Pinterest on a digital tool that helps customers who are looking for a home refresh find inspiration. After answering a few home décor preference questions, shoppers are presented with a curated Pinterest Board featuring Penney home products that best meet their needs and match their style."}
{"id": "doc9209", "text": "Here are some other store highlights."}
{"id": "doc9210", "text": "Penney’s signature portrait studio has been updated to be the first-ever Shutterfly Picture Pop Selfie Studio. It features a variety of wall options and props such as pillows and framed art to personalize a backdrop."}
{"id": "doc9211", "text": "An information desk is located upfront, with a designated area for shoppers to pick up their online purchases."}
{"id": "doc9212", "text": "The retailer said its app enables customers to get the most out of its new in-store experience. App users can book their appointments at the salon and barbershop, schedule curbside pickup, secure their spot a workshop or studio class, reserve clothes to try on and call an associate to get support anywhere in the store."}
{"id": "doc9213", "text": "J.C. Penney wasn’t able to stem the tide of declining same-store sales at department stores during the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc9214", "text": "The retailer reported that its same-store sales for the nine weeks ending Jan. 4, 2020 fell 7.5%. Adjusted comparable store sales, which exclude the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories, decreased 5.3%."}
{"id": "doc9215", "text": "Penney’s announcement came the same day that Kohl’s reported a 0.2% decline in holiday comparable sales and the day after Macy’s Inc. announced that its holiday same-store sales declined 0.6%, which was not as bad as analysts had forecast. "}
{"id": "doc9216", "text": "Despite the drop, Penney maintained its guidance for the full year, including a same-store sales decline in the range of 7% to 8%. Adjusted comparable store sales are expected to fall 5% to 6%."}
{"id": "doc9217", "text": "Penney will report its fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 results on Feb. 27, 2020."}
{"id": "doc9218", "text": "J.C. Penney is not expecting much relief anytime soon in its sales performance. "}
{"id": "doc9219", "text": "The struggling retailer on Tuesday reported better-than-expected sales and earnings for its fourth quarter even as its sales continued to decline. Penney said it expects same-store sales in fiscal 2020 to be down 3.5% to 4.5%, excluding any impact from the coronavirus outbreak."}
{"id": "doc9220", "text": "Penney’s net income fell to $27 million, or $0.08 per share, in the quarter ended Feb. 1, compared to $75 million, or $0.24 per share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted net income was $43 million, or $0.13 per share, better than the loss of $0.06 a share analysts expected."}
{"id": "doc9221", "text": "Total net sales fell 7.7% to $3.49 billion from $3.67 last year. Analysts were expecting revenue of $3.44 billion."}
{"id": "doc9222", "text": "Same-store sales decreased 7.0% for the quarter. Adjusted comparable store sales, which exclude the impact of Penney’s exit from major appliance and in-store furniture categories, decreased 4.7% for the quarter. "}
{"id": "doc9223", "text": "For the full fiscal year, Penney’s total net sales decreased 8.1% to $10.72 billion. Comparable store sales decreased 7.7%. Adjusted comparable store sales decreased 5.6% for the year"}
{"id": "doc9224", "text": "“In fiscal 2019, we met or exceeded all five financial guidance metrics for the year, and we delivered our third consecutive quarter of meaningful gross-margin improvement in the fourth quarter,” said Jill Soltau, CEO of J.C. Penney. “I am encouraged by our progress, especially in our women’s apparel businesses. We knew it would take time to restore discipline and return growth to J.C. Penney. As we move into fiscal 2020, we remain focused on the key tenets of retail as we continue rebuilding the company and implementing our Plan for Renewal.”"}
{"id": "doc9225", "text": "In e-mailed comments, Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said that while Soltau and her team are doing their best to improve Penney’s position and attractiveness, the reality is that most stores deliver an experience that is well below par. "}
{"id": "doc9226", "text": "“They are messy, crowded with bland merchandise, and lack any energy or inspiration,” he said. “It is, therefore, hardly surprising that many shoppers are abandoning them. Despite attempts to understand consumers better, JCP’s management has yet to stem this tide. And doing so will be difficult as it will require radical change and impactful marketing to inform lapsed shoppers of the improvements. Both things require capital and a strong balance sheet, neither of which J.C. Penney has.” For more analysis, click here."}
{"id": "doc9227", "text": "J.C. Penney Co.’s weak stock price has caught up with it — again."}
{"id": "doc9228", "text": "J.C. Penney Co. announced that the company has received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange that it no longer meets the exchange’s criteria for a continued listing. NYSE rules state that companies have to maintain an average closing share price of at least $1 for 30 consecutive days.  "}
{"id": "doc9229", "text": "Penney has six month from the receipt of the letter, which it received on Jan. 31, to regain compliance with the share price rule. The retailer previously received a letter of non-compliance in August 2019. "}
{"id": "doc9230", "text": "In its announcement, Penney that it intends to regain compliance by pursuing measures that may include a reverse stock split, a measure that would require shareholder approval."}
{"id": "doc9231", "text": "Walmart continues its deeper dive into health care with the opening of its second-ever freestanding facility devoted to health-and-wellness."}
{"id": "doc9232", "text": "Adjacent to the remodeled Walmart Supercenter in Calhoun, Georgia, the new Walmart Health offers primary and urgent care, labs, x-ray and diagnostics, counseling, dental, optical and hearing services at affordable, transparent pricing regardless of a patient’s insurance status, Walmart said. It is similar to the first Walmart Health center, which debuted last September, in Dallas, Georgia."}
{"id": "doc9233", "text": "As part of Walmart Health’s grand-opening celebration, Walmart will make a donation to Susan G. Komen to help meet women’s health needs through expanded access to care, including mammogram screenings, education and support services for underserved and at-risk patients in Georgia."}
{"id": "doc9234", "text": "“We think we can make an impactful difference in affordability, convenience and, most importantly, accessibility for the Calhoun community,” said Sean Slovenski, senior VP and president of Walmart U.S. Health and Wellness. “We have a history of launching innovative products and programs that have transformed the industry and created significant healthcare savings for customers. Now, we’re focused on a solution to provide affordable integrated care that our customers want and deserve.”"}
{"id": "doc9235", "text": "Walmart Health is operated by qualified medical professionals, including physicians, nurse practitioners, dentists, behavioral health providers and optometrists. Associates and community health workers are on site to help customers navigate their visit, understand resources and be a familiar presence for regular visits."}
{"id": "doc9236", "text": "Walmart will launch health-care pilots designed to provide easier and better care for its employees while also reducing its own costs. "}
{"id": "doc9237", "text": "The nation’s biggest private employer will pilot the programs as part of its medical plan, starting Jan. 1. The programs include one called “Featured Providers” that uses data analytics to curate local physicians for employees in Northwest Arkansas, Orlando/Tampa and Dallas/Fort Worth. It leverages Embold Health’s healthcare analytics platform to curate a group of physicians in each metro area with a track record of providing consistent quality care. Walmart said it will synthesize data from public and private insurance programs to create recommended lists of local providers in eight specialties: primary care, cardiology, gastroenterology, endocrinology, obstetrics, oncology, orthopedics and pulmonology. "}
{"id": "doc9238", "text": "Walmart will also pilot two other technology-based healthcare initiatives in different regions of the country. In North Carolina and South Carolina, the company will test the Personal Healthcare Assistant, a concierge service supported by healthcare assistance provider Grand Rounds. Personal Healthcare Assistant works via a website, phone number, and app. "}
{"id": "doc9239", "text": "Walmart employees in the test areas can use Healthcare Assistant to address health needs including billing and appointments, as well as finding a quality provider, understanding a diagnosis, and other complex questions. The assistant will also help with peripheral needs, such as coordinating transportation and finding child care during appointments."}
{"id": "doc9240", "text": "In Colorado, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, Walmart is expanding its telehealth offering to include preventive health, chronic care management, urgent care, and behavioral health for associates. Through this voluntary program, employees can video chat with a doctor from their homes, as well as have access to a personal online primary care physician and a team to coordinate specialty care, provide nutritional and diabetic counseling, and coordinate behavioral health referrals and visits. "}
{"id": "doc9241", "text": "All video visits are $4. Associates can book an appointment with a primary care physician within one hour and a behavioral health visit within one week. Walmart is providing expanded telehealth services in conjunction with existing partners Doctor On Demand, Grand Rounds, and HealthSCOPE Benefits."}
{"id": "doc9242", "text": "Walmart says it is testing various healthcare approaches to see what will work best at the company’s scale, which includes more than 1 million associates and family members who receive health benefits through Walmart. After determining how it can deliver high-quality healthcare at this scale, Walmart expects to generate savings for both the company and its employees. The retailer has been running a program called Centers of Excellence that directly connects associates with selected specialists for certain serious medical conditions and procedures."}
{"id": "doc9243", "text": "“If we get this right, we can raise the tide for all health care,” said Lisa Woods, Walmart senior director of U.S. benefits."}
{"id": "doc9244", "text": "Amazon’s new health care initiative reportedly seeks a cure for a highly contagious virus that is not COVID-19."}
{"id": "doc9245", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon is the latest entity to pursue a cure for the virus which causes the common cold. The e-tailer is said to have more than 100 people, including scientists and technologists, attempting to develop an effective vaccine and/or treatment within the Amazon Web Services Grand Challenge research division."}
{"id": "doc9246", "text": "The project is reportedly nicknamed “Project Gesundheit.” Amazon has never formally admitted to the existence of Grand Challenge, which works on solving major issues affecting humanity, including health care. "}
{"id": "doc9247", "text": "Amazon has been making a wide variety of inroads into health care in the past year These include the PillPack pharmaceutical delivery service, as well as its Amazon Care virtual health service currently available to employees at the e-tailer’s Seattle headquarters."}
{"id": "doc9248", "text": "Meanwhile, top competitor Walmart is piloting a stand-alone Walmart Health healthcare center format, and is reportedly negotiating with Verizon to provide 5G networking services that would support in-store health hubs at all of the discounter’s U.S. stores."}
{"id": "doc9249", "text": "A discount giant is expanding its testing of autonomous vehicles for online grocery delivery."}
{"id": "doc9250", "text": "Walmart is launching a new pilot with autonomous vehicle company Nuro in Houston. The pilot will enable customers in Houston to opt in to receive deliveries of online grocery orders from self-driving Nuro vehicles. These will include Nuro’s custom-built R2 delivery vehicle that carries only products with no onboard driver or passengers, and autonomous Toyota Priuses, all powered by Nuro’s proprietary self-driving software and hardware."}
{"id": "doc9251", "text": "Through the Houston-based pilot, Walmart aims to develop, refine and continue learning how to offer the best end-to-end customer experience. The service plans to expand to the general public later in 2020."}
{"id": "doc9252", "text": "“As we near the end of 2019, we’ve grown our online grocery footprint to nearly 3,100 pickup locations with deliveries coming from more than 1,600 stores – powered by Walmart’s team of over 50,000 personal shoppers,” Tom Ward, senior VP, digital operations for Walmart U.S., said in a corporate blog post announcing the pilot. “Along the way, we’ve been test-driving a number of different options for getting groceries from our stores to our customers’ front doors through self-driving technology. We believe this technology is a natural extension of our grocery pickup and delivery service and our goal of making every day a little easier for customers.”"}
{"id": "doc9253", "text": "Walmart has been actively piloting different autonomous vehicle technologies as a means of delivering online grocery orders. In January 2019, the retailer initiated a pilot with autonomous vehicle company Udelv in Surprise, Ariz. The program will test the effectiveness of custom-made driverless cargo vans from Udelv in delivering groceries handpicked by Walmart personal shoppers to customers."}
{"id": "doc9254", "text": "In November 2018, Walmart partnered with Ford Motor Co. and Postmates to test self-driving vehicles to deliver fresh groceries in Florida’s Miami-Dade County. The pilot uses Ford driverless cars to deliver fresh groceries hand-picked by Walmart’s personal shoppers."}
{"id": "doc9255", "text": "Walmart is not the first retailer to test the effectiveness of Nuro autonomous vehicles for delivery. Kroger, a direct competitor with Walmart in the grocery space, has piloted self-driving deliveries with Nuro vehicles in Houston and Scottsdale, Ariz. And in December 2019, pizza chain Domino’s began testing the Nuro R2 for opt-in online deliveries at select Houston stores."}
{"id": "doc9256", "text": "An e-tail giant and a luxury fashion brand are curating an online assortment and shopping experience that honor Women’s History Month."}
{"id": "doc9257", "text": "Coinciding with both Women’s History Month in March and International Women’s Day (Sunday, March 8), Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge. Through the new collaborative Amazon x #InCharge site, customers will be able to read the stories of inspiring women business owners, shop their products, and see DVF founder Diane von Furstenberg’s favorite books by female authors."}
{"id": "doc9258", "text": "A few of the female-owned businesses that will be featured include Cora, OBIA Naturals, and PiperWai. The product assortment varies from women’s health ad beauty care items to apparel to personal electronics. The site also features select branded “Women In Charge” products, such as totes, jewelry and T-shirts, from DVF."}
{"id": "doc9259", "text": "In addition, Amazon is offering a curated collection of items from female artisans on its Amazon Handmade microsite for handcrafted items and featuring women-owned startups on its Amazon Launchpad marketplace."}
{"id": "doc9260", "text": "“I am thrilled to work with Amazon to highlight women-led businesses and share their stories with millions of Amazon customers in celebration of International Women’s Day. As part of this first-of-its kind initiative, I’m also excited to launch an exclusive collection of #InCharge merchandise available to Amazon customers during Women’s History Month,” said Diane von Furstenberg."}
{"id": "doc9261", "text": "DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment. The collaboration includes The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF New York flagship store throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc9262", "text": "Mastercard is also placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc9263", "text": "An online discount platform is providing some exclusive offers for International Women’s Day."}
{"id": "doc9264", "text": "RetailMeNot is launching We Shop With Her, an initiative to encourage shoppers to support female-led and founded brands in celebration of International Womens Day (Sunday, March 8). The savings website and app will provide exclusive cash-back offers for women-owned brands such Tory Burch, Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Kate Spade, and Birchbox."}
{"id": "doc9265", "text": "Through March 8, shoppers can visit the RetailMeNot We Shop With Her page to find limited-time savings opportunities in different categories like beauty, fashion, health, and home décor. In addition, Austin, Texas-based RetailMeNot will donate to the Womens Fund at the Austin Community Foundation and the Ann Richards School for Young Women Leaders."}
{"id": "doc9266", "text": "As a woman in a leadership role at a technology company, its inspiring to see more and more females dominating top positions in the space,” said Marissa Tarleton, CEO at RetailMeNot. “I believe it is important to offer our support and encouragement to those who have paved and continue to pave the road for future generations. RetailMeNot is all about helping shoppers save money every day at their favorite retailers, restaurants, and even pharmacies, and if we can offer a convenient way for people to shop, save and support women on International Womens Day, we will."}
{"id": "doc9267", "text": "Other We Shop With Her retailers include Athleta, Baggu, Fabletics, Glossier, Houzz, Lily Pulitzer, Loeffler Randall, Nasty Gal, Outdoor Voices, Rent the Runway, Spanx, Tarte Cosmetics The Body Shop, The Honest Company, Third Love, and Wildfang."}
{"id": "doc9268", "text": "Other retailers are also launching special online promotions in conjunction with International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month (which lasts throughout March). Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge, a collaborative, curated online assortment and shopping experience focused on female-owned businesses. DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment with a themed event series and podcast."}
{"id": "doc9269", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is streamlining order management and customer service with iPhones."}
{"id": "doc9270", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) will implement the NewStore omnichannel platform in its retail stores globally later in 2020. The platform will complement its existing Salesforce Commerce Cloud-based e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc9271", "text": "Specifically, DVF intends to streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone. At the same time, the company will optimize inventory management and store fulfillment, lifting the responsibility from store associates with automation."}
{"id": "doc9272", "text": "DVF will implement all NewStore Omnichannel Platform solutions, including applications for endless aisle, clienteling, store fulfillment, inventory management, mobile checkout, and omnichannel insights."}
{"id": "doc9273", "text": "Enhancing DVFs point of service system is a significant priority for the future of our business, and after extensive due diligence it became clear that NewStore was the premium choice for our brand, said Sandra Campos, CEO, Diane von Furstenberg. Their ability to offer innovative solutions across omnichannel, inventory management and data capture allow for a faster, more customer-centric experience. We are pleased to roll out this system across DVFs global store footprint."}
{"id": "doc9274", "text": "Vertical snowboarding products retailer Burton Snowboards also recently decided to deploy the NewStore omnichannel platform across its 70-store global footprint to streamline front- and back-end operations using iPhones. Burton intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app."}
{"id": "doc9275", "text": "DVF has a global distribution network in over 100 countries and with over 450 points of sale, including 86 corporate-owned and partnered stores throughout North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific. "}
{"id": "doc9276", "text": "Walmart and CVS Health have settled their fight over the cost of  prescriptions."}
{"id": "doc9277", "text": "CVS Health announced Friday that it had reached a multi-year agreement with Walmart that will see the discounter continue to participate in CVS Health’s prescription drug network for customers with private health insurance and Medicaid coverage. The financial terms of the new contract were not disclosed."}
{"id": "doc9278", "text": "The agreement comes several days after CVS said that Walmart had opted to leave the two networks due to a dispute over reimbursement rates."}
{"id": "doc9279", "text": "“We are very pleased to have reached a mutually agreeable solution with Walmart. As a PBM, our top priority is to help our clients and consumers lower their pharmacy costs,” CVS Caremark president Derica Rice said. “This new agreement accomplishes our top priority and enables Walmart to continue participating in CVS Caremark’s commercial and Managed Medicaid pharmacy networks and provides enhanced network stability for our clients and their members.”"}
{"id": "doc9280", "text": "With the continuing participation of Walmart, the CVS Caremark national pharmacy network will have nearly 68,000 participating pharmacies for members to choose from, including independently-owned, community-based pharmacies, other local pharmacies in grocery stores and mass merchants, as well as regional and national chains."}
{"id": "doc9281", "text": "“We are pleased to have reached fair and equitable terms with CVS Caremark that are in the best interest of our customers, and we are glad our CVS Caremark customers will be able to continue saving money and living better,” said Sean Slovenski, Walmart Health and Wellness senior VP."}
{"id": "doc9282", "text": "Walmart and CVS Health already have an existing agreement in place for Walmart’s participation in the CVS Caremark Medicare Part D pharmacy network. Walmart’s Sam’s Club division also has an existing agreement to participate in the CVS Caremark pharmacy network."}
{"id": "doc9283", "text": "The largest retail and entertainment center in North America is studying customer traffic patterns to help it make better operational decisions."}
{"id": "doc9284", "text": "The ShopperTrak solution measures mall shopping center traffic patterns, delivering mall owners and retail property managers the reliable data to explore new leasing models, quantify event success and ensure the right tenant mix by zone. By having actionable insights, Mall of America can make the most effective leasing, marketing and operational decisions to help increase profitability and improve customer experience."}
{"id": "doc9285", "text": "Mall of America will roll out the Sensormatic Solutions’ ShopperTrak platform to improve its collection and analysis of customer behavioral data, including traffic patterns. The platform measures mall shopping center traffic patterns, providing mall owners and property managers with data to explore new leasing models, quantify the success of on-site events and ensure the right tenant mix by zone. "}
{"id": "doc9286", "text": "Mall of America piloted the ShopperTrak solution to help improve traffic estimates, seeking a minimum of 98% accuracy. But the pilot results exceeded the target by hitting 99.8% accuracy. "}
{"id": "doc9287", "text": "ShopperTrak analytics will also enable the center to better understand shopper behavior, helping visualization of where shoppers are spending the most time and how marketing efforts are impacting traffic volumes. Armed with this data, Mall of America will look to create more meaningful customer experiences."}
{"id": "doc9288", "text": "“As a destination that attracts millions of visitors every year, we need to have a precise way to measure traffic to continue delivering a seamless experience to our guests,” said Patrick Wand, Mall of America IT project senior manager. “The ShopperTrak solution will help empower us with critical data allowing us to make better informed marketing and operational business decisions.”"}
{"id": "doc9289", "text": "A winter storm in the Northeast took a big bite out of shopping in stores during the holiday weekend."}
{"id": "doc9290", "text": "Store traffic for the 2019 Black Friday weekend (Thanksgiving Day through Sunday, Dec. 1) was down 4% compared to 2018. Store traffic on Saturday, Nov. 30, resulted in a 2.6% decrease and traffic on Sunday, Dec. 1, resulted in a 7.5% decrease, according to Sensormatic Solutions’ latest ShopperTrak recap."}
{"id": "doc9291", "text": "On Saturday, traffic increased 0.9% in the Northeast and decreased in all other regions, including Midwest (-10.1%), South (-1.2%) and West (-2.6%). On Sunday, traffic was down significantly by 30% in the Northeast and only down nominally in other regions, including Midwest (-1.4%), South (-3.8%) and West (-1.7%)."}
{"id": "doc9292", "text": "“The winter storm that hit most of the Northeast massively impacted in-store traffic patterns for the Thanksgiving weekend,” said Brian Field, senior director of global retail consulting for ShopperTrak. “The Saturday after Black Friday is always one of the busiest shopping days of the holiday season and, this year, shoppers in the Northeast came out in record numbers. Our results showed that many consumers in this region anticipated the storm and did most of their shopping on Saturday instead of Sunday this year.”"}
{"id": "doc9293", "text": "Sensormatic Solutions also looked at the effect of Cyber Monday on brick-and-mortar retail traffic on Monday and found that this year’s traffic increased 0.5%."}
{"id": "doc9294", "text": "“This year we saw an overall increase in store traffic on Cyber Monday,” said Field. “Our data historically indicates that Cyber Monday has little impact on in-store traffic. We attribute the uptick this year to some regional snowfall last year and the growing trend of buy online, pick up in store (BOPIS). Many consumers made their purchases online when stores were crowded and elected to pick them up on Monday when stores were not as busy.”"}
{"id": "doc9295", "text": "Sensormatic Solutions also analyzed traffic on Thanksgiving and Black Friday. After all data was tallied, the final results found that store traffic on Thanksgiving resulted in a 0.8% decrease and store traffic on Black Friday resulted in a 4.4% decrease. Data for the combined two-day period resulted in a 3.6% decline in traffic. A slight variation from what was originally reported, Black Friday remains the busiest holiday shopping day by a landslide."}
{"id": "doc9296", "text": "More information on the 2019 top busiest shopping days here: Top Busiest Holiday Shopping Days."}
{"id": "doc9297", "text": "Green Growth Brands has delivered on its promise of rapid store expansion."}
{"id": "doc9298", "text": "The cannabis and CBD company, which operates CBD stores under the Seventh Sense banner, is on target to have 200 locations opened by the start of the holiday shopping season. The brand, which currently has some 150 stores across 35 states, opened its first store in February. "}
{"id": "doc9299", "text": "Seventh Sense shops sell a variety of botanical therapy CBD-infused personal care and beauty products, with more than 100 SKUs across bath, body, face, therapeutic, and sleep categories. According to data provided by the company, nearly 20% of the customers in the consumer database have made a repeat purchase and repeat online purchases occur on average every 31 days."}
{"id": "doc9300", "text": "Later this month, Seventh Sense will launch its first national media campaign, heavily focusing on digital and branded media partnerships. "}
{"id": "doc9301", "text": "Earler this year, Green Growth announced a partnership with Brookfield Properties to open more than 70 shops at Brookfield’s shopping centers throughout the United States.  It also has a partnership with Simon to open stores at Simon malls. "}
{"id": "doc9302", "text": "Green Growth Brands continues to infiltrate the nation’s shopping malls."}
{"id": "doc9303", "text": "The cannabis and CBD brand announced it will open more than 70 shops selling personal care and beauty products infused with CBD oil at Brookfield Properties’ shopping centers throughout the United States. The plans will expand GGB’s physical footprint to approximately 280 total locations by the end of 2019, according to the company."}
{"id": "doc9304", "text": "In February, Green Growth announced it was partnering with Simon Property Group to open 108 stores selling CBD products at Simon’s U.S. centers.  The company also has an agreement to sell its products at DSW store locations."}
{"id": "doc9305", "text": "In addition to opening stores under the Seventh Sense banner, Green Growth is expanding its portfolio with a new prestige brand called Green Lily, described as a “mindful-luxe CBD brand dedicated to empowering women.” Four Green Lily locations will open in the near future at Brookfield shopping centers."}
{"id": "doc9306", "text": "“Brookfield Properties operates some of the most exciting and visited malls in the country, and we are thrilled to introduce our CBD shops to their centers,” said Peter Horvath, CEO of Green Growth Brands, Columbus, Ohio. “We know that consumers prefer to buy personal care and beauty products from physical stores, and this partnership will allow us access to millions of consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc9307", "text": "Brookfield Properties’ portfolio includes more than 160 retail real estate assets. Currently, there are seven GGB shops within the Brookfield portfolio."}
{"id": "doc9308", "text": "“Curation of our shopping centers is fundamental to our ongoing evolution,” said Sandeep Mathrani, CEO of Brookfield Properties’ retail group and vice chairman of Brookfield Property Group. “It is our job to bring in retail offerings and experiences that today’s consumer desires and this includes GGB’s CBD products. GGB is at the forefront of this trend and we are pleased they will expand their reach within our portfolio.”"}
{"id": "doc9309", "text": "CBD, a non-psychoactive cannabinoid found in cannabis, has had a surge in popularity over the past couple of years.  The market for products infused with CBD  is booming and has the potential to become a $22 billion business by 2022, according to  research firm Brightfield Group."}
{"id": "doc9310", "text": "An on-demand delivery platform and a Southeastern grocery powerhouse are seamlessly offering specialty deli items."}
{"id": "doc9311", "text": "Instacart is partnering with Publix Super Markets to test Instacart Meals, a new solution for online ordering, delivery and pickup of made-to-order food. The launch marks Instacarts move into grocery meal delivery."}
{"id": "doc9312", "text": "As a first step before wider rollout of Instacart Meals, Instacart has collaborated with Publix to introduce the service with a new digital deli counter offering a “build your own sub” feature. Instacart Meals will roll out to Publix locations across Florida in the coming weeks and to nearly all Publix stores across the Southeast in the months ahead, following a Florida pilot."}
{"id": "doc9313", "text": "The new service plugs directly into Publix’s ordering system, enabling store employees to receive orders through its existing infrastructure. Instacart shoppers can then visit the counter and pick up items. When customers add a made-to-order meal to their cart, Instacart Meals automatically offers all applicable combo options and discounts, enabling customers to obtain any deals and savings available in-store. "}
{"id": "doc9314", "text": "“Made-to-order food counters are among the fastest growing aisles in the grocery store — these items represent up to 15% of sales for our grocery partners and have among the highest margins of anything sold in-store,” said Nilam Ganenthiran, president, Instacart. Its critical that our grocery partners are able to capture these sales online with delivery and pickup — its a boost to their business and a key part of the shopping experience for customers."}
{"id": "doc9315", "text": "At Publix, were always looking for ways to ensure our customers have the best experience possible, both in our stores and online,” said Maria Brous, Publix director of communications. “With Instacart, its easier than ever for our customers to get prepared subs fast — the way they want — delivered along with their grocery essentials.”"}
{"id": "doc9316", "text": "Instacart Meals comes on the heels of Instacart expanding its alcohol delivery offering with retail partners such as Sam’s Club."}
{"id": "doc9317", "text": "Instacart has partnered with more than 350 national, regional and local retailers to deliver from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in North America. Publix operates more than 1,200 stores in Alabama, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia."}
{"id": "doc9318", "text": "Amazon is investing in solar and wind farms in the U.S. and U.K."}
{"id": "doc9319", "text": "Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the U.S. will be located in Warren County, North Carolina, and Prince George County, Virginia. Together, they total 215 megawatts (MW) and are expected to generate 500,997 megawatt hours (MWh) of energy annually. This will be Amazon’s second renewable energy project in the state of North Carolina and eighth renewable energy project in the commonwealth of Virginia."}
{"id": "doc9320", "text": "Furthermore, Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the largest corporate wind power purchase agreement (PPA) in the U.K., located on the Kintyre Peninsula, Scotland. Once complete, the new Amazon wind farm will provide 50 megawatts MW of new renewable capacity with expected generation of 168,000 MWh of clean energy annually, enough to power 46,000 U.K. homes."}
{"id": "doc9321", "text": "Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy wind and solar projects will provide 265 MW of additional renewable capacity and are expected to begin producing energy in 2021, supplying energy to the company’s Amazon Web Services data centers."}
{"id": "doc9322", "text": "To date, Amazon has launched 18 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 1,600 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 4.6 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 368,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 98 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 130,000 MWh of clean energy annually."}
{"id": "doc9323", "text": "The e-tail giant is launching these projects as part of its commitment the Climate Pledge, an international agreement to meet the net zero carbon targets of the Paris Agreement by 2040, 10 years ahead of the accord’s goal. As part of its path to reach net zero carbon by 2040, Amazon intends to reach 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030."}
{"id": "doc9324", "text": "“We’ve announced eight projects this year and have more projects on the horizon – and we’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally,” said Kara Hurst, director of sustainability, Amazon. “With nearly 70 renewable energy projects around the globe – including 54 solar rooftops – we are making significant progress towards reaching Amazon’s company-wide commitment to reach 100% renewable energy by 2030.”"}
{"id": "doc9325", "text": "To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new transparency website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance."}
{"id": "doc9326", "text": "Australian department store retailer Myer is transforming its entire merchandise planning operation."}
{"id": "doc9327", "text": "Seeking to deliver more compelling products to its customers, Myer is leveraging several cloud-based Oracle Retail solutions across its 61-store footprint. By transforming its end-to-end merchandise systems, inventory processes, and planning capabilities, the retailer has been able to reduce stock and markdowns while improving sales and margin. "}
{"id": "doc9328", "text": "In addition, Myer is better able to deliver the right inventory to satisfy the local demands of customers at specific stores. The retailer applies advanced merchandise planning capabilities to its entire assortment, including cosmetics, clothing, footwear, toys, and homewares."}
{"id": "doc9329", "text": "The project was a business-led initiative supported by IT, and included the implementation of Oracle Retail merchandise financial planning and retail size profile optimization. Oracle Partner Network member Tata Consulting Services (TCS) supported the project. "}
{"id": "doc9330", "text": "Phase one of the implementations delivered immediate results with a stock reduction in time for holiday planning. In phase two, a cross-functional solution development team adopted an agile implementation methodology. The team worked in three-week sprints to deliver regular solution functionality for seasonal strategies, item planning, clustering, option planning, and assortment planning from Oracle Retail planning and optimization. "}
{"id": "doc9331", "text": "“I am optimistic about the ability of our Oracle merchandise planning tools to improve the efficiency of our buying teams and to deliver a more profitable, more localized product range for our customers,” said Allan Winstanley, chief merchandise officer, Myer."}
{"id": "doc9332", "text": "“The project was delivered across various teams, including merchandise, IT and Tata Consulting Services (TCS), where we transitioned from waterfall to an agile project delivery approach, which ensured the success of the project,” said Troy Smith, CIO, Myer. "}
{"id": "doc9333", "text": "Online sales grew 15% in the U.S. last year. But the nation’s largest independent retailer of fine wine blew past the average."}
{"id": "doc9334", "text": "Register now for Chain Store Age’s webinar on how Total Wine & More used content from its customers and brand partners to drive SEO, site engagement and conversions that drove a 30% increase in year-over-year digital sales."}
{"id": "doc9335", "text": "Scheduled for June 18, 11:00 AM (EDT), the webinar will feature speakers from Total Wine & More and will cover such topics as the correlation between content and online sales and how retailers can use their brands’ product content to better engage consumers and ultimately drive purchases. It will also look at the impact product reviews and other user-generated content have on consumer purchase decisions.     "}
{"id": "doc9336", "text": " To register, click here. "}
{"id": "doc9337", "text": "The “How Total Wine & More Drove a 30% YOY Increase in Digital Sales” is sponsored by Chain Store Age and Bazaarvoice."}
{"id": "doc9338", "text": "Although Black Friday and Cyber Monday don’t occur until late November and early December, many shoppers are preparing now. "}
{"id": "doc9339", "text": "According to our latest holiday shopping study at Bazaarvoice, mid-October to early November is peak research time for holiday shoppers. Last year, starting around Columbus Day (Oct. 8 in 2018), there was a sustained 8% spike in user-generated content (UGC) interaction rate across our network of more than 6,200 brand and retailer websites, meaning that shoppers were engaging with customer ratings, reviews, and visual content on product pages."}
{"id": "doc9340", "text": "Recently the National Retail Federation published its 2019 holiday forecast, identifying an expected increase of between 3.8% to 4.2% in holiday retail sales this upcoming November and December. Brands and retailers should be working to gather all types of user-generated content in advance of the major sales days during that time like Black Friday and Cyber Monday. "}
{"id": "doc9341", "text": "More than one-third (38%) of our holiday shopping survey respondents said their biggest complaint about shopping online during the holidays was that it was difficult to decide between brands and product options, and almost half (43%) said they have returned a holiday gift to exchange it for a different size, color, or other variation. By consulting their fellow shoppers’ reviews and photos, both of these issues can potentially be avoided, as shoppers can ensure a product will meet their expectations. "}
{"id": "doc9342", "text": "Along with an increase in interaction with UGC, the number of customer questions submitted to our clients also begins to increase in mid-October. Responding to these customer questions (and reviews) can help shoppers make more informed, quicker decisions. "}
{"id": "doc9343", "text": "In 2018, our best-in-class clients saw a 114% lift in conversion and a 120% lift in revenue per visitor or higher when shoppers engaged with product page Q&A. Especially with the influx of questions you will probably receive during this research-heavy period, it’s important to have a strategy for how you interact with consumer reviews and questions."}
{"id": "doc9344", "text": "In addition to collecting new UGC, brands should prioritize responding to existing customer reviews and questions in a timely, helpful manner. Below are a few of our best practices for collecting and responding to UGC."}
{"id": "doc9345", "text": "Simply askStart by sending an email to your CRM list to request ratings and reviews for products your customers have purchased in the past. No CRM list? Especially if you are not a direct-to-consumer brand, start including a call for reviews on your products’ packaging or the product’s registration card. "}
{"id": "doc9346", "text": "You can also send out an automated post-interaction email to follow up a few days after someone makes a purchase, asking for their feedback and photos of them using or wearing your product. "}
{"id": "doc9347", "text": "Meet your customers on social mediaIt’s likely that your customers are already talking about your brand and your products on social media. To join this conversation, run a promotion or sweepstakes on social media, offering your customers a chance to win a prize or free product in exchange for submitting an honest review. For visual UGC, you can also launch a hashtag campaign. "}
{"id": "doc9348", "text": "Choose a clever and relevant hashtag for one of your products or lines, and ask your customers to tag their photos with the hashtag and your handle. Then, you can easily gather your customers’ photos (with their permission!) and display them on your website or marketing assets."}
{"id": "doc9349", "text": "Roll out a sampling campaignOffer a group of your customers a free product in exchange for honest reviews. This is a quick and reliable way to accelerate UGC collection while also building customer engagement and loyalty. "}
{"id": "doc9350", "text": "Allot time and resources for thoughtful responsesBest practice response time for product reviews is two to five days, while it’s best to respond to all questions within two business days. Expect to spend one hour for every 50 reviews you encounter - this includes time for research, writing, and editing your responses. "}
{"id": "doc9351", "text": "Avoid canned responses, as they feel impersonal and unhelpful, and, worst of all, customers see right through them. Make sure to mix up the language you use and add a personal touch by using the customer’s name in your response."}
{"id": "doc9352", "text": "Prioritize responding to negative ratings and reviewsRatings and reviews between one and three stars should be tended to first. Even though these ratings are low, this is a good opportunity to show the reviewer, and the researching shoppers who come across the review, that you see and genuinely listen to customer feedback, and you are doing what you can to right the issue. "}
{"id": "doc9353", "text": "According to our annual research, 64% of shoppers consider ratings and reviews, consumer-submitted questions and answers, and consumer photos important elements of their shopping experience. UGC is critical during the pre-holiday sales research period, and a strong strategy for generating and responding to UGC throughout the holiday shopping season allows your brand to put its best foot forward with shoppers. "}
{"id": "doc9354", "text": "Joe Rohrlich is chief revenue officer of Bazaarvoice."}
{"id": "doc9355", "text": "E-commerce platform Verishop supports curation and discovery with product information management (PIM)."}
{"id": "doc9356", "text": "Launched in June 2019 as a millennial- and Gen Z-friendly alternative to Amazon, Verishop provides products it directly purchases from what it calls handpicked, “verified and curated” brands in the women’s and men’s apparel and accessories, home, and beauty categories. "}
{"id": "doc9357", "text": "Verishop also offers youth-oriented collections such as Tastemakers, where millennial and Gen Z influencers offer curated product selections with multiple images. The Responsible Shop section features an assortment of cruelty-free, organic and fair trade goods, while a dedicated section of “clean beauty” products features non-toxic items."}
{"id": "doc9358", "text": "To ensure customers receive accurate, up-to-date, and consistent product descriptions, and that they are able to discover products matched to their specific needs, Verishop has selected Akeneo as its product information management (PIM) technology provider to manage its 4,000-plus SKUs. Verishop initially implemented Akeneo enterprise PIM technology to improve the productivity of its catalog managers, and then upgraded to Akeneo’s cloud-based SaaS enterprise solution. "}
{"id": "doc9359", "text": "This upgrade has allowed the company’s managers to create reference titles that allow common product information such as color, care instructions, and tax code to be shared among related products. Managers can also now leverage an enhanced rights management function."}
{"id": "doc9360", "text": "In addition, Verishop leverages an artificial intelligence (AI)-based product data intelligence tool that automates search engine optimization (SEO)-ready product information curation and enrichment. This enables faster time-to-market for new product launches and makes SEO optimization easier to perform for non-technical staff. As a result, Verishop has seen improved conversion rates, reduced product returns, and enhanced customer experience. "}
{"id": "doc9361", "text": "“Akeneo’s PIM solution helps us deliver on our promise of ensuring consistent product experiences across the entire purchase journey,” said Jason Bosco, Verishop’s VP of technology. “We aim to be the go-to place for shoppers to rely on for brand and product discovery, paired with convenience and customer service.”"}
{"id": "doc9362", "text": "Panera Bread customers across the country now have four different on-demand delivery options."}
{"id": "doc9363", "text": "The quick-service restaurant chain is introducing a national delivery offering that includes the third-party DoorDash, Grubhub, and Uber Eats platforms, as well as its own app and website. Whether customers order via Paneras apps or through one of its partners, their orders will be delivered to them by Paneras own delivery drivers in most markets."}
{"id": "doc9364", "text": "Panera is now working to connect its MyPanera loyalty program to delivery orders placed through delivery partner sites. In the coming months, customers signed up for MyPanera will be able to earn visit credits toward MyPanera rewards when ordering through DoorDash, Grubhub and Uber Eats. Panera and the three partners have also committed to supporting the partnership through marketing efforts in 2019."}
{"id": "doc9365", "text": "Year to date, Panera says its platforms have driven more than 28 million delivery orders, resulting in delivery becoming 7% of Paneras overall sales. Panera customers in certain areas can order through DoorDash, Grubhub and Uber Eats from a majority of the 1,600 Panera cafes offering delivery."}
{"id": "doc9366", "text": "Panera has been a leader in the delivery market as one of the first fast casual concepts to offer its own delivery service,” said Dan Wegiel, executive VP, chief growth and strategy officer at Panera. “Today, through these partnerships, we are pioneering once again by being the first fast casual to launch the ‘bring your own courier’ model nationwide. The most important consideration for Panera is owning the customer experience, and making sure its a great one. These new partnerships are possible because we already have a fleet of delivery drivers and the infrastructure created to support increased demand. We believe this partnership model helps differentiate us from our competitors and will take our already successful delivery business to new heights."}
{"id": "doc9367", "text": "As of March 26, 2019, Panera Bread operated 2,130 locations in 48 states and in Ontario, Canada, under the Panera Bread or Saint Louis Bread Co. banners."}
{"id": "doc9368", "text": "Amazon Prime members in four cities can now receive some items in as little as five hours."}
{"id": "doc9369", "text": "The e-tail giant is enabling Prime members in Philadelphia, Phoenix, Orlando, and Dallas to order as assortment of roughly 3 million items across dozens of categories that are marked “Today by” for same-day delivery throughout the day. "}
{"id": "doc9370", "text": "Items ordered between midnight and 8 a.m. will arrive by 1 p.m., while goods between 8 a.m. and 1 p.m. will arrive by 6 p.m. and products purchased between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. will arrive by 10 p.m. Orders placed between 5 p.m. and midnight will arrive overnight between 4:30 a.m. and 8 a.m."}
{"id": "doc9371", "text": "To support this enhanced same-day delivery guarantee, Amazon has opened mini-fulfillment centers, located closer to cities, that store a specialized assortment of “need-it-today” items. According to Reuters, these facilities measure 100,000-sq.-ft. (compared to full-sized Amazon fulfillment centers which can measure more than 1,000,000-sq.-ft.) and perform storage, picking, packing, sorting, and delivery."}
{"id": "doc9372", "text": "According to Amazon, by reducing the need for aircraft support and shortening the drive times of deliveries, the new faster same-day delivery model will help it meet its publicly stated goal of becoming carbon-neutral by 2040."}
{"id": "doc9373", "text": "“It may feel like magic when a package arrives so quickly, but it’s our incredible employees who come together to deliver these experiences for customers every day,” Jon Alexander, director and GM, Amazon Worldwide Same Day Delivery Service. “Decades of process improvement and innovation enable us to provide a positive and safe work environment for everyone working in these new buildings so we can continue to delight customers—not by working harder, but by working smarter.”"}
{"id": "doc9374", "text": "Amazon is souping up Prime’s delivery speeds as Walmart reportedly prepares to launch its own Prime-like subscription delivery service. Media reports indicate Walmart will begin piloting a membership program called Walmart+ as soon as March 2020. Walmart+ will serve as an expansion of Walmart’s current Delivery Unlimited subscription service, which provides free same-day delivery of online grocery orders from Walmart stores for a yearly $98 fee. Walmart also may offer text-based ordering as part of Walmart+."}
{"id": "doc9375", "text": "In April 2019, Amazon said it would cut its standard Prime shipping time from two days to one day. In June 2019, the e-tailer made free one-day delivery available to Prime members with no minimum purchase amount on more than 10 million products, in more than 10,000 cities and towns across the continental U.S."}
{"id": "doc9376", "text": "The standard annual Amazon Prime rate is $119, although some different pricing models and discounts are available. Same-day delivery is free to Prime members on qualifying orders over $35 or $2.99 for delivery on orders under $35."}
{"id": "doc9377", "text": "Walmart Inc. is discontinuing Jet black, its text-based, personal-shopping service."}
{"id": "doc9378", "text": "Launched in May 2018 as the first business to go live from Walmart tech incubator Store No.8, Jet black allowed members, who paid a $50 monthly fee, to order items over the phone via text message, with products delivered the same or next day for no extra charge. It also gave members access to personal shoppers who offered gift recommendations if requested and such perks as gift wrapping. While some everyday essentials were sourced from Walmart and Jet.com, other items and specialty products sold via Jet black were procured from local brands and specialty shops."}
{"id": "doc9379", "text": "In a corporate blog post, Scott Eckert, senior VP of next generation retail of Walmart and head of Store No. 8, said Jet black will “graduate” to join Walmart’s customer organization. What this actually means is Walmart will shut down Jet black as a standalone offering. But the discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to order via text and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc9380", "text": "“As we said in the beginning when we launched Jet black, part of the initiative was to start testing and building technology with the intent that it could be used in other ways, including applying it to other parts of our business,” Eckert said in the blog post. “Over the past few years, we’ve explored a number of areas in conversational commerce, from Jet black’s text-based ordering to voice ordering in pickup and delivery, all with the belief that this technology will be an important way Walmart serves customers in the future.”"}
{"id": "doc9381", "text": "According to CNBC, Jet black on Thursday notified customers via email and texts that it would no longer accept new orders, but would fulfill pending ones. It also said it would refund all customers their most recent $50 monthly membership fee. Walmart was reportedly losing $15,000 per month on the service.  "}
{"id": "doc9382", "text": "Amazon has reportedly had to clarify the exact meaning of “one-day” shipping to miffed Prime members."}
{"id": "doc9383", "text": "According to Recode, Amazon is acknowledging that snow and surges in holiday purchases have caused some Amazon Prime deliveries to take longer than one to two days from the time of transaction to arrive. "}
{"id": "doc9384", "text": "“We are off to a record-breaking start to the holiday season and on peak shopping days, delivery promises vary and may be longer than normal based on order volume and the fulfillment and delivery capacity available in a given area,” a spokesperson said in a statement to Recode. “The winter storms that swept across much of the country at the same time also extended delivery times in some areas. We will work directly with customers who are experiencing an issue with their delivery.”"}
{"id": "doc9385", "text": "In responses to public customer complaints on its official Facebook and Twitter accounts, Amazon representatives explained that one- and two-day Prime shipping guarantees refer to the time an order leaves a warehouse, rather than the time an order is placed. "}
{"id": "doc9386", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc9387", "text": "FedEx is expanding its delivery of oversized e-commerce purchases."}
{"id": "doc9388", "text": "The parcel shipping giant’s FedEx Freight subsidiary is rolling out its FedEx Freight Direct e-commerce solution to more than 80% of the contiguous U.S. population, following a pilot in select markets earlier this year. Freight Direct provides delivery of bulky online purchases such as furniture, TVs, and exercise equipment into residences and businesses."}
{"id": "doc9389", "text": "Freight Direct is the first standardized FedEx service to make deliveries through the door and into homes. The service incorporates technology to provide end-to-end visibility across the entire lifecycle of a shipment in one seamless network, give consumers enhanced delivery choices, and offer convenience."}
{"id": "doc9390", "text": "“Today’s consumers are just as comfortable purchasing a television or sofa online as they are groceries or books,” said Brie Carere, FedEx executive VP and chief marketing and communications officer. “We’re seeing more oversized items move through our global network. FedEx Freight Direct is critical to addressing these challenges as part of our growing e-commerce portfolio.”"}
{"id": "doc9391", "text": "The FedEx Freight Direct delivery equipment, including trucks, were designed with input from FedEx Freight drivers specifically to operate in limited-access areas like residential neighborhoods. Drivers and employees who conduct these deliveries have undergone extensive training."}
{"id": "doc9392", "text": "Meanwhile, FedEx Freight Direct service and technology were designed using customer feedback. The service is available in standard format, with delivery into the first room of convenience in a residence or business. This includes a two-hour delivery window and the ability for customers to select delivery times and receive proactive notifications."}
{"id": "doc9393", "text": "A premium option includes the same features as standard, along with delivery to room of choice and optional packaging removal. Premium deliveries will be conducted by two FedEx Freight associates to ensure safety and quality service. In addition, a basic option offers to-the-door residential delivery to 100% of the contiguous U.S. population."}
{"id": "doc9394", "text": "FedEx has been responding to increasing delivery pressure from Amazon with new capabilities and services. Beginning in January 2020, FedEx will offer ground delivery seven days per week for the majority of the U.S. population. "}
{"id": "doc9395", "text": "In addition, nearly 2 million FedEx SmartPost packages that were previously given to the U.S. Postal Service for delivery to homes every day will be increasingly integrated into FedEx ground operations. FedEx also stopped delivering Amazon packages through its ground network in August 2019."}
{"id": "doc9396", "text": "Is Amazon banning some FedEx ground deliveries a case of the pot calling the kettle black?"}
{"id": "doc9397", "text": "According to SeekingAlpha, multinational financial firm Credit Suisse has issued a note suggesting Amazon’s decision to block its third-party sellers from using FedEx ground shipment services (except for Prime deliveries) may be a diversionary tactic."}
{"id": "doc9398", "text": "“We cannot help but wonder whether the news is symptomatic of broader delivery issues that Amazon’s own network might be facing as we approach the final days of what is an already compressed peak season – particularly given the added constraints of one-day shipping and fewer external carrier options (non-renewal of FedEx Express/Ground contracts), Credit Suisse said."}
{"id": "doc9399", "text": "While weather was partly responsible for delays during Cyber week for most carriers, Amazon also cited high demand/record orders as resulting in longer than normal delivery times based on constrained fulfillment and delivery capacity in certain areas. In our view, this underscores the idiosyncratic challenges that Amazon’s less mature in-house delivery capabilities face relative to the well-established, end-to-end hub networks at both FedEx and UPS."}
{"id": "doc9400", "text": "Amazon reportedly sent an email to third-party sellers informing them of the ban this week which said it will continue prohibiting them from using FedEx ground delivery until its performance improves. New data from last-mile delivery provider Convey Inc. indicates that since Thanksgiving 2019, FedEx has had an on-time delivery of 68.3% compared to 77.5% during the equivalent period in 2018."}
{"id": "doc9401", "text": "In August 2019, FedEx decided not to renew its contract to deliver Amazon packages through its ground network. This followed a June 2019 announcement that FedEx would not renew its domestic air-shipping Express contract with Amazon. The company still has an agreement with Amazon for international deliveries."}
{"id": "doc9402", "text": "Amazon, which has not yet publicly commented on reports of this new FedEx ground delivery ban, is pursuing several new proprietary delivery ventures. These include Delivery Services, a program that allows entrepreneurs to create their own local delivery networks with up to 40 vans each, a new delivery drone that can take off and land like a helicopter, and ongoing expansion of its air network."}
{"id": "doc9403", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9404", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9405", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9406", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9407", "text": "Wawa will be expanding across Northern Virginia in a big way."}
{"id": "doc9408", "text": "The privately owned convenience store chain plans to open 40 locations in Northern Virginia during the next 15 years. The first, in the town of Vienna, is set to open in April 2020.  It will be approximately 6,290 sq. ft. with seating areas. It also will feature Tesla Charging Stations."}
{"id": "doc9409", "text": "Wawa is on track to open some 63 stores this year. The company currently operates more than 870 stores throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Florida and Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc9410", "text": "Adam Baldwin’s famous “ABC” imperative to the real estate salesmen in Glengarry Glen Ross to “always be closing” is re-interpreted as “always be curating” by forward-thinking retail real estate developers like North American Properties."}
{"id": "doc9411", "text": "NAP’s Avalon project in Alpharetta, Ga., came in at No. 3 on Chain Store Age’s 2019 Top Retail Center Experiences list and was hailed as a “model for 21st Century development” that combines residential space and a boutique hotel with 345,000 sq. ft. of retail in a walkable urban setting."}
{"id": "doc9412", "text": "Avalon’s 24 food-and-beverage establishments and 80-plus retailers like Pottery Barn, Arhaus, Apple, Kendra Scott, and Whole Foods attracts 12 million visitors a year, NAP says.  Not content with that, the company announced the addition of several new tenants."}
{"id": "doc9413", "text": "This fall, the women’s fashion boutique Altar’d State and the health-conscious restaurant True Food join the Avalon tenant roster — the latter featuring a 4,000-sq.-ft. patio for al fresco dining. Next year, fashion Brand Evereve will open its second location at the center."}
{"id": "doc9414", "text": "The family-owned Posman Books reopened on The Boulevard at Avalon with an interior inspired by the 1960’s lava lamp that uses lighting to create a soothing space for shoppers to browse and read. Also new is the 1,000-sq.-ft. Chanel Fragrance and Beauté Boutique featuring a makeup discovery area and surrounded by one-on-one consultation stations."}
{"id": "doc9415", "text": "Since it opened in 2014, Avalon has brought 4,500 jobs and $17 million in annual tax revenue to Alpharetta, according to NAP, which also reports that new tenants are leasing at twice the original rates charged five years ago."}
{"id": "doc9416", "text": "Mark Toro, managing partner of NAP, which has trademarked the term ExperienceMakers to describe its development team, feels that Avalon will play an influential role on retail-driven mixed-use development in the near future."}
{"id": "doc9417", "text": "“Ironically,” Toro said, “our secret sauce has nothing to do with the buildings, and everything to do with the community that is created in the spaces between the buildings.”"}
{"id": "doc9418", "text": "A vertical retailer of snowboarding products is streamlining front- and back-end operations using iPhones."}
{"id": "doc9419", "text": "Burton Snowboards is implementing the NewStore omnichannel platform in all of its 70 global stores. The NewStore platform unifies order management, checkout, “endless aisle” inventory access, and clienteling for iPhone access, with direct integration into Salesforce Commerce Cloud. "}
{"id": "doc9420", "text": "As a result, Burton will be able to seamlessly manage e-commerce, CRM, transactions, store operations, and inventory using iPhones. The company intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app. "}
{"id": "doc9421", "text": "“Burton is consumer-centric. We sustainably design, strategically manufacture and extensively test all products with our customers and the snowboard lifestyle in mind,” said Josee Larocque, senior VP, Operations, Burton Snowboards. “When it comes to our brand experience, it’s no different. We’re working on a complete digital transformation for 2020, and launching the NewStore platform is a critical piece of this journey. On the mountain or off, our customers will have the best experience possible.”"}
{"id": "doc9422", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is using augmented reality (AR) to provide digital discovery and engagement to shoppers at its Manhattan flagship."}
{"id": "doc9423", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is partnering with Mastercard to enhance the in-store experience for customers and deliver intelligent insights to store associates. By integrating Mastercard digital retail technology in its flagship store, DVF is providing customers who scan QR codes with targeted product recommendations and enhanced information. "}
{"id": "doc9424", "text": "By scanning QR codes that are located throughout the store, shoppers can gain access to digital promotional and storytelling content, as well as additional product information. In addition, customers visiting the flagship’s in-store art gallery can leverage computer vision technology to use their mobile device to learn more information about displayed works."}
{"id": "doc9425", "text": "In addition, Mastercard digital technology provides store associates with visibility to overall performance against specific commercial KPIs, object recognition via device to more easily share product information, and recommendations based on time of day, day of week, product demand, and other variables. "}
{"id": "doc9426", "text": "“Connecting is really important, especially if you want to be a brand that stands out to consumers today,” said Diane von Furstenberg, founder of DVF. “With this technology, DVF has the unique opportunity to bring our customers on a journey, allowing them access to content that brings them closer to our brand story. We are thrilled to partner with the team at Mastercard to create a truly unique experience within our flagship store.”"}
{"id": "doc9427", "text": "The partnership will also drive dialogue and engagement through The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF flagship throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc9428", "text": "As part of the larger partnership, Mastercard is placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc9429", "text": "“We’re excited to be partnering with an iconic brand like DVF to further drive the dialogue around women’s empowerment and leverage our latest technology to make every in-store interaction unique and meaningful,” said Linda Kirkpatrick, president of U.S. issuers, Mastercard."}
{"id": "doc9430", "text": "DVF has been focusing on creating in-store omnichannel experiences for the past 18 months. In February 2020, the retailer said it would streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone, via partnership with NewStore and Salesforce."}
{"id": "doc9431", "text": "In addition, in September 2018, DVF teamed up with Salesforce to use the company’s cloud-based platform to develop and launch DVF 360, a digital experience that takes online and in-store shoppers on a virtual tour of the brand. "}
{"id": "doc9432", "text": "An e-tail giant and a luxury fashion brand are curating an online assortment and shopping experience that honor Women’s History Month."}
{"id": "doc9433", "text": "Coinciding with both Women’s History Month in March and International Women’s Day (Sunday, March 8), Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge. Through the new collaborative Amazon x #InCharge site, customers will be able to read the stories of inspiring women business owners, shop their products, and see DVF founder Diane von Furstenberg’s favorite books by female authors."}
{"id": "doc9434", "text": "A few of the female-owned businesses that will be featured include Cora, OBIA Naturals, and PiperWai. The product assortment varies from women’s health ad beauty care items to apparel to personal electronics. The site also features select branded “Women In Charge” products, such as totes, jewelry and T-shirts, from DVF."}
{"id": "doc9435", "text": "In addition, Amazon is offering a curated collection of items from female artisans on its Amazon Handmade microsite for handcrafted items and featuring women-owned startups on its Amazon Launchpad marketplace."}
{"id": "doc9436", "text": "“I am thrilled to work with Amazon to highlight women-led businesses and share their stories with millions of Amazon customers in celebration of International Women’s Day. As part of this first-of-its kind initiative, I’m also excited to launch an exclusive collection of #InCharge merchandise available to Amazon customers during Women’s History Month,” said Diane von Furstenberg."}
{"id": "doc9437", "text": "DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment. The collaboration includes The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF New York flagship store throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc9438", "text": "Mastercard is also placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc9439", "text": "Amazon is investing more than $40 million in a robotics innovation hub."}
{"id": "doc9440", "text": "In 2021, the e-tail giant’s Amazon Robotics division will open a 350,000-sq.-ft., state-of-the-art site in Westborough, Mass. that will include corporate offices, research and development labs, and manufacturing space. Developed by Atlantic Management of Framingham, Mass., the new hub will be in addition to the current Amazon Robotics facility in North Reading, Mass., and together the two sites will serve as the company’s epicenter of robotics innovation."}
{"id": "doc9441", "text": "Amazon Robotics expects to create 200 tech and advanced manufacturing jobs at the new facility, including roles in engineering, manufacturing, support and test teams."}
{"id": "doc9442", "text": "“We’re excited to grow our teams in Massachusetts and take advantage of the talent and regional connectivity that MetroWest (Boston) offers,” said Tye Brady, Amazon Robotics’ chief technologist. “This will be a world-class facility, where our teams can design, build, program, and ship our robots, all under the same roof. This expansion will allow us to continue to innovate quickly and improve delivery speed for customers around the world.”"}
{"id": "doc9443", "text": "Since 2011, Amazon says it has invested over $3 billion in Massachusetts, including customer fulfillment infrastructure and research facilities and employee compensation. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed an additional $2.4 billion to the Massachusetts’ economy and generated an additional 7,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires."}
{"id": "doc9444", "text": "In addition, the Amazon Future Engineer program, a childhood-to-career computer science program for young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities, funds computer science classes in more than 40 high schools across Massachusetts."}
{"id": "doc9445", "text": "An e-tail titan is bringing a lot of jobs to Bellevue, Wash."}
{"id": "doc9446", "text": "Amazon says it is on track to hire more than 15,000 employees in Bellevue, located about 10 miles from the e-tailer’s headquarters city of Seattle, in the next few years. The company opened its first office building there in 2017 and currently has more than 2,000 employees in the city."}
{"id": "doc9447", "text": "According to a corporate blog post announcing the planned growth in Bellevue, Amazon has designed its Bellevue offices with the goals of easy access to public transportation, fostering a sustainable lifestyle, and placemaking. This includes situating buildings will be no further than 0.5 miles from the new light rail station in downtown Bellevue and within 10 minutes walking distance of each other. All employees will receive free public transit passes and be eligible for company-subsidized ride share carpool options."}
{"id": "doc9448", "text": "Amazon is also planning for all buildings to be sustainable and have a minimal carbon footprint, seeking LEED Gold certification or better for its own developments like the Bellevue 600 office tower, expected to be completed in 2024. The 43-story skyscraper, which will be Amazon’s tallest office building, should have enough space for about 4,200 employees. It is located on the east half of a property Amazon purchased in April 2019 for $195 million."}
{"id": "doc9449", "text": "In addition, Amazon plans to build a “significant” common space along NE 6th Street in Bellevue to create a pedestrian connection and a new green area for residents, commuters, and downtown workers. The ground level will have thousands of square feet reserved for local retail and other uses, including a day care center to support Bellevue families. The development also includes a new meeting center to host company and community events."}
{"id": "doc9450", "text": "Amazon’s second headquarters in Arlington, Va., will obtain all its energy from a solar farm."}
{"id": "doc9451", "text": "The e-tail giant plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will eventually be a 4 million-sq.-ft. campus. Amazon will build a new solar farm in Pittsylvania County, Virginia, which will power its new headquarters along with other operations it owns across the state, including Whole Foods stores and fulfillment centers. The project is planned for completion by summer 2021. "}
{"id": "doc9452", "text": "Amazon has contracted 82 megawatts (MW) of the new 120 MW solar farm, which is expected to generate 172,500 megawatt hours (MWh) of renewable energy annually. It will be Amazon’s 10th renewable energy project in Virginia. Amazon is taking about two-thirds of the renewable energy generated by the new solar farm, and Arlington will take the remainder."}
{"id": "doc9453", "text": "Amazon plans to invest more than $2.5 billion dollars in building the HQ2 campus over the next decade. The campus will include 1 million sq.-ft. of LEED Gold-certified energy-efficient office buildings in two 22-story towers. There will also be 50,000 sq. ft. of new retail space for shops, restaurants, and a daycare center for area residents and an expected 25,000 Amazon employees."}
{"id": "doc9454", "text": "Amazon is making this solar energy decision in the midst of a larger sustainability commitment. The company has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually. These projects include 21 utility-scale wind and solar farms and more than 50 solar rooftops installed on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe. "}
{"id": "doc9455", "text": "Our team is constantly thinking about how we can help create and build a sustainable future across our entire operations,” said Patrick Leonard, senior manager of Amazon’s renewable energy procurement team. “We have contracted with several large solar farms and have rooftop solar installed at many of our fulfillment center sites across the globe. Once this project is complete, we will continue to look for ways to advance our commitment to sustainability in Arlington."}
{"id": "doc9456", "text": "The CEO of Amazon is dramatically stepping up his company’s monetary commitment to sustainability."}
{"id": "doc9457", "text": "In a short Instagram post, Bezos announced the launch of the $10 billion Bezos Earth Fund. The fund, which will begin issuing grants in summer 2020, is designed to support efforts aimed at combating global climate change. "}
{"id": "doc9458", "text": "“Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet, Bezos said in the statement. “I want to work alongside others both to amplify known ways and to explore new ways of fighting the devastating impact of climate change on this planet we all share. This global initiative will fund scientists, activists, NGOs — any effort that offers a real possibility to help preserve and protect the natural world. We can save Earth. It’s going to take collective action from big companies, small companies, nation states, global organizations, and individuals.”"}
{"id": "doc9459", "text": "Amazon has been engaged in a number of initiatives designed to minimize the etail giant’s impact on the environment. In February 2020, Amazon unveiled the design of a fleet of electric delivery vans it says will eliminate 4 million tons of carbon per year by 2030. The company also plans to use 100% renewable energy to power what will be its 4 million-sq.-ft. “HQ2” campus in Arlington, Va., and has joined The Climate Pledge to become net-zero carbon by 2040. To date, Amazon has launched 84 renewable energy projects that will provide over 2,000 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.5 million MWh of renewable energy annually."}
{"id": "doc9460", "text": "Amazon has received criticism that its previous sustainability initiatives did not go far enough to help counteract climate change. A group of workers called Amazon Employees for Climate Justice have publicly called for the company to do more and up to 2,000 members staged walkouts from Amazon offices and facilities around the world in September 2019. In addition, environmental group Greenpeace issued a statement accusing Bezos of hypocrisy in his latest effort."}
{"id": "doc9461", "text": "Its hypocritical to announce that climate change is the biggest threat to our planet while at the same time boosting the fossil fuel industry by providing advanced computing technologies to the oil and gas industry so that it can discover and drill more oil, more efficiently,” Greenpeace said in the statement. “Amazon also still has work to do to ensure its growing network of data centers fully shifts away from fossil fuels, and the company must transparently report its energy use as Google and Apple do.”"}
{"id": "doc9462", "text": "The investigative journalism series Frontline ran an investigative piece on Bezos and Amazon, including the company’s working conditions, use of technology and general influence on the world, on Tuesday, Feb. 18. Bezos is considered the wealthiest person on Earth, with an estimated net worth of $130 billion."}
{"id": "doc9463", "text": "The coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting consumer behavior and creating problems on third-party marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc9464", "text": "According to data from omnichannel commerce platform Bloomreach, during the week of Feb. 23-29, revenue sales for masks increased 590% from the week prior. Other products receiving substantial week-over-week bumps in revenue sales included hand sanitizers (420%), Clorox/Lysol wipes (184%), canned food (183%), disinfectants (178%), bottled/packaged water (78%), hand soap (33%), and toilet paper/paper towel (26%)."}
{"id": "doc9465", "text": "Bloomreach pulled this global sales data (with a strong U.S. showing) from its customer base, which includes 250-plus retailers. "}
{"id": "doc9466", "text": "In addition, a recent survey from First Insight demonstrates consumers are changing some shopping behaviors as a result of the coronavirus, with generational variations. Overall, 35% of respondents have cut back on spending in preparation for the impact of the coronavirus, with millennials (40%) and Gen Z (41%) cutting back the most compared to baby boomers (23%) and Gen X (36%)."}
{"id": "doc9467", "text": "A little more than one in five (22%) of respondents say they are buying more products in anticipation of the spread of the virus, with grocery leading as the top product consumers are buying more of (19%). This is followed by household products and personal care items at 13%, health products at 12%, and beauty products at 7%."}
{"id": "doc9468", "text": "About three in 10 (29%) of respondents say they are taking advantage of BOPIS services and curbside (18%) pickup to get products without going in-store. By generation, Gen Z leads in taking advantage of BOPIS (47%) with millennials favoring curbside pickup (30%)."}
{"id": "doc9469", "text": "Furthermore, as result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online. Roughly half (49%) of respondents say that due to the coronavirus outbreak, they are concerned about receiving apparel or other products that were produced in impacted areas such as China."}
{"id": "doc9470", "text": "With a virus-related surge in demand for products such as cleaning supplies and hand sanitizers, perhaps it is not surprising that the Wall Street Journal reports third-party marketplaces operated by retailers such as Amazon and Walmart face sellers charging unreasonable prices for these items."}
{"id": "doc9471", "text": "Amazon has reportedly been removing tens of thousands of overpriced products from its marketplace and is also taking action against third-party sellers who make false or unsubstantiated claims about a product’s ability to counteract the coronavirus. According to the Journal, as recently as Wednesday, March 5 Amazon Marketplace featured products such as containers of disinfectant wipes and hand sanitizer for up to five or six times normal cost. "}
{"id": "doc9472", "text": "“There is no place for false claims and price gouging on Amazon,” Dharmesh Mehta, Amazon’s VP of worldwide customer trust and partner support, is quoted as saying at a March 5 consumer-protection hearing in Washington, D.C."}
{"id": "doc9473", "text": "In addition, the Journal reports online marketplaces run by Walmart, eBay, and Facebook have all been experiencing third-party sellers ratcheting up prices on virus-related items. Chain Store Age has reached out to Walmart for comment."}
{"id": "doc9474", "text": "The continuing outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) is affecting two key U.S. e-commerce metrics."}
{"id": "doc9475", "text": "According to data analysis from predictive retail analytics platform Quantum Metric, coronavirus is driving U.S. consumers online. E-commerce retailers based in the U.S. experienced a 52% growth rate in online spending during the fifth to eighth weeks of 2020 (the time period when the virus began rapidly spreading outside of Asia) compared to the same weeks of 2019. These weeks span Jan. 27 – Feb. 23, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc9476", "text": "In addition, online conversion rates rose 8.8% year-over-year during those same weeks in 2020. For the ninth week of 2019 (Feb. 24 – March 1), Quantum Metric data shows a reversal in growth. The company says this trend may indicate the e-commerce spurt may be calming down and reflect spending that has been pulled forward, rather than increased overall."}
{"id": "doc9477", "text": "According to Quantum Metric, consumers may have increased their online shopping because their local stores have run out of stock due to delayed shipments from China, to stockpile items, to avoid busy public places, or to take advantage of direct shipping options for bulk purchases. The company also advises that increased online shopping may not offset reduced in-store traffic for Q1 results. "}
{"id": "doc9478", "text": "However, consumer stockpiling that has occurred could turn into a positive Q1 revenue impact for some types of stores. "}
{"id": "doc9479", "text": "A recent consumer survey from First Insight indicates that as a result of the coronavirus, 21% of respondents say they are shopping more frequently online."}
{"id": "doc9480", "text": "Quantum Metric analyzed 5.5 billion anonymous and aggregated retailer online and mobile visits from U.S.-based consumers from Jan. 1, 2019 through Feb. 29, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc9481", "text": "Remember playing with dominoes as a kid? You’d set them up, either in a straight line or a windy path, and with a gentle push of a game piece, the whole configuration would collapse. I’m sure you’re picturing it now, all the dominoes toppling over in sequence, one after the other until the entire arrangement finally dismantles. It’s this childhood image that perfectly describes the sequence of triggered events known as the domino effect."}
{"id": "doc9482", "text": "In more technical terms, the domino effect refers to a string of events caused by a single act, which then prompts another act, and then another, and another, until finally there’s no longer a catalyst to initiate a new event. The second that last domino falls, the damage is done. "}
{"id": "doc9483", "text": "With recent news of the coronavirus outbreak in China, retailers and business partners can’t help but think of those falling dominoes, each one signifying a critical obstacle preventing further growth. The worst part is, these kinds of fluke events remain completely out of our control, making it that much more difficult to develop proper contingency plans. "}
{"id": "doc9484", "text": "To better understand the challenges posed by the coronavirus, as well as the other geopolitical events that disrupt supply chain operations, let’s take a closer look at the rippling effect caused by this health crisis and see how it’s disrupting today’s global economy."}
{"id": "doc9485", "text": "Coronavirus Chaos"}
{"id": "doc9486", "text": "The coronavirus outbreak appeared in late January 2020 in China’s industrial and economic hub of Wuhan, located in the country’s Hubei province. Since then, it’s infected nearly 29,000 people across the globe, killing almost 600 in its wake. In China alone, over 28,000 cases have been reported, making it the most vulnerable location for possible transmission. "}
{"id": "doc9487", "text": "For retailers and business partners alike, the coronavirus is more than just a health concern; it’s an existing threat to the world’s global economic system. That’s because Wuhan stands as ground zero for high-tech manufacturing industries like automobile, technology, chemical, life science, health care, and retail. It’s also the epicenter of China’s crude oil and natural gas imports. And to emphasize just how important the region is to global trade, check these facts: Wuhan’s contributing GDP reached $213 billion in 2018, and to date, more than half of the Fortune 500 businesses have operations in the area, including Apple, Starbucks, and Costco Wholesale. "}
{"id": "doc9488", "text": "As a result of the virus, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a transportation blockade around the Hubei province, which houses nearly 60 million citizens. Several other country-wide mandates have also confined people to their homes indefinitely. Meanwhile, governments in the United States, Europe, and Asia have imposed travel regulations of their own, which not only block visitors from China, but also enforce mandatory screenings of those returning from the country. "}
{"id": "doc9489", "text": "The United States, for example, ordered a 14-day quarantine of all non-Americans arriving from China, while major air carriers, including American Airlines, Delta, and United, have temporarily suspended all China-bound flights, prompting Singapore to announce its own ban on Chinese visitors. If we go back to that domino analogy, just imagine the number of pieces that have already toppled over in the early wake of the coronavirus. But wait, there’s more. Because of the enforced lockdown of Wuhan, corporate offices in China have ordered factories and manufacturing mills to shut down indefinitely. "}
{"id": "doc9490", "text": "In addition, pharmaceutical companies, financial institutions, and technology corporations have asked workforces to evacuate the area. Some businesses have even started relocating staff out of China for up to six months, forcing families to seek new accommodations and schooling options for children. And with people stuck home for the time being, retail stores have shuttered doors in an effort to mitigate operational costs. Apple, for example, has shut down operations until February 9th, and Levi Strauss has closed thousands of outlets across the country. "}
{"id": "doc9491", "text": "With Chinese consumer spending and industrial production at a standstill, economists have already lowered expectations for first-quarter growth. Similarly, economists have stated first-quarter spending in the United States will falter as well, since Chinese tourists to the U.S.—the world’s biggest-spending travelers—won’t be able to contribute. According to Wall Street Journal, “the twin hits to businesses and consumers promise to, at least temporarily, reduce China’s appetite for imports, despite its trade-deal pledge to boost purchases of U.S. goods and services by $200 billion over the next two years."}
{"id": "doc9492", "text": "So What’s Next?"}
{"id": "doc9493", "text": "The coronavirus and its lingering uncertainties have led to an overall disruption in global supply chains and world-wide economies. But there are steps organizations can take to mitigate impact. "}
{"id": "doc9494", "text": "This is the obvious first-step solution, since it automatically removes China from the supply chain equation, allowing other non-affected parties in different geographical locations to keep supply chain operations running smoothly. Incidentally, many retailers have already started diversifying their sourcing and manufacturing operations on account of the existing trade war between the U.S. and China and China’s shifting footprint in global politics. Still, despite the seemingly straightforwardness of this solution, it’s a risky move that involves a lot of time and even more investment. Plus, retailers should be aware of the varying compliance regulations and production capabilities per region. "}
{"id": "doc9495", "text": "Retailers can adopt retail software platforms that monitor, track, and manage potential supply chain disruptions in real-time. With these multi-enterprise solutions, each and every supply chain stakeholder can connect seamlessly on a single platform, allowing instantaneous communication on any threat to a well-managed supply chain (i.e., new developments around city and government lockdowns of industrial areas and potential transportation interruptions.). More importantly, these stakeholders have 100%  visibility into all supply chain operations, giving them leeway to make alternative business decisions and restorative actions. "}
{"id": "doc9496", "text": "Supply chain risk is inevitable, so retail organizations should consider using cost analysis tools to better assess ROI amid disruptive events, like the coronavirus outbreak. These costing tools allow retailers to easily forecast, prepare for, and mitigate potential financial risk. "}
{"id": "doc9497", "text": "Looking Ahead"}
{"id": "doc9498", "text": "Wuhan and its surrounding areas remain vital assets to the global supply chain community. But as long as China’s quarantine stands in place, supply chain disruption will continue until the coronavirus outbreak is finally contained. And while experts predict this could last from three to six months, the severity of economic impact is still unknown."}
{"id": "doc9499", "text": "However, the coronavirus is just one of many political and environmental events that posed disruption to the global economy in recent months, which points to an emerging need for software tools that manage supply chain complexity in an increasingly unstable geopolitical climate. That said, it’s best for retailers and their supply chain partners to start implementing risk mitigation strategies as soon as possible to prevent even further financial damage."}
{"id": "doc9500", "text": "Sue Welch is the CEO of Bamboo Rose, whose Multi-Enterprise Product and Supply Chain Platform connects the retail community to help retailers and brands bring great products to market faster, more efficiently and at higher margins. The B2B platform combines end-to-end solutions, including the Bamboo Rose Marketplace, product lifecycle management, sourcing, purchase order management, global trade management, and financing, all supported by intelligent engines for optimization, costing, and scheduling. Additionally, with the Bamboo Rose What-If Costing solution, users can recognize and understand the financial damage of a supply chain disruption by calculating potential incurred costs, allowing them to take restorative action before even submitting a final purchase order."}
{"id": "doc9501", "text": "A fast-food leader is expanding the reach of on-demand delivery with help from an established mobile platform."}
{"id": "doc9502", "text": "Burger King is partnering with Uber Eats to provide on-demand delivery service across the U.S. Customers can now place orders for a selection of items from participating Burger King restaurants via the Uber Eats app. "}
{"id": "doc9503", "text": "“At Burger King restaurants, delivery is a major priority to ensure our food is available to anyone, anywhere,” said Chris Finazzo, president, North America, Burger King Corp. “We know our guests value convenience and adding the Burger King brand to Uber Eats is another way we will meet the demands of millions of people on this platform.”"}
{"id": "doc9504", "text": "“We’re thrilled to team up with Burger King restaurants to offer their beloved menu items to Uber Eats customers across the country,” said Janelle Sallenave, head of Uber Eats, U.S. & Canada. “A long history of innovation coupled with high-quality delicious food and brilliant marketing makes BK a perfect addition to Uber Eats.”"}
{"id": "doc9505", "text": "Burger King is going national with mobile delivery as its chief competitor McDonald’s has been busily expanding its own McDelivery on-demand delivery service. Launched in partnership with UberEats in 2017, McDelivery is now available in more than 10,000 McDonald’s restaurants across all 50 states, with additional partners including DoorDash and Grubhub."}
{"id": "doc9506", "text": "Through Oct. 27, 2019, Uber Eats is offering free delivery (with taxes, service fee, and small order fee still applying) on orders of $15 or more."}
{"id": "doc9507", "text": "An on-demand food delivery platform wants to eliminate silos from the process of fulfilling orders."}
{"id": "doc9508", "text": "Grubhub is launching “Ultimate,” a new proprietary hardware and software solution designed to integrate all restaurant ordering channels into one system. The digital workflow solution connects the front and back ends of a restaurant directly with customers, creating a transparent view into their order status."}
{"id": "doc9509", "text": "Ultimate will provide a customer view into orders placed for pickup or delivery on the Grubhub digital platform, at an in-store kiosk, or directly with a cashier. There are four components that make up the Ultimate technology – a lightweight POS system with direct integration to the Grubhub web and mobile app, heads-up customer displays to show real-time order estimates across all channels, in-store self-ordering kiosks to complement the Grubhub app, and a kitchen display system."}
{"id": "doc9510", "text": "In addition to ordering ahead via Grubhub, in-store ordering kiosks are designed to allow restaurants to migrate employees away from the cash register and back to food prep lines and fulfilment areas, expediting and ensuring accuracy of orders and increasing throughput. Real-time estimated times of arrival (ETAs) appear once an order is placed. In an effort to drive further efficiency, the queue seen by customers is identical to that seen by all employees throughout the restaurant, sharing automatic updates at each stage of the order process."}
{"id": "doc9511", "text": "Currently in over 100 locations, the Ultimate pilot rollout has focused on New York City and Chicago, where Grubhub reports restaurants have seen pickup demand impact their bottom line. "}
{"id": "doc9512", "text": "Ultimate is exactly what I was looking for but didnt know it, said David Morton, co-owner of Chicago-based DMK restaurant group. We have designed our new restaurants around this technology because it allows us to provide better service to our customers with less effort and cost. This is a game-changer in quick-serve and fast-casual restaurants."}
{"id": "doc9513", "text": "Diners have come to expect ordering ahead for pickup to breeze through busy rush hour crowds and grab their morning coffee or lunch, but currently they can only enjoy this convenience at large QSRs. Ultimate now gives restaurants of any size this ability to please diners with an easy, digital pickup experience, said Matt Maloney, Grubhub founder & CEO. Most people do not want to order in person or by calling if they have an alternative, and by integrating pickup with delivery orders our restaurant partners have a complete picture to more efficiently manage their operations."}
{"id": "doc9514", "text": "Grubhub partners with more than 140,000 restaurants in over 2,700 U.S. cities and London."}
{"id": "doc9515", "text": "RTW Retailwinds is closing some stores as it continues to “actively evaluate” its store portfolio."}
{"id": "doc9516", "text": "The apparel retailer, formerly known as New York & Co., plans to shutter a total of 27 stores during the coming weeks, including 19 New York & Company locations, four Fashion to Figure stores and four outlet stores. The news was revealed during the company’s third-quarter earnings call with analysts. RTW executives noted that 70% of the companys stores have leases with terms of two years or less and it is continuing to “actively evaluate” its real estate portfolio."}
{"id": "doc9517", "text": "For the full fiscal year, RTW expects to have closed a total of 31 locations and opened seven New York & Company stores and two Fashion to Figure stores. (Fashion to Figure is the company’s plus-size brand.)"}
{"id": "doc9518", "text": "“We see stores as an important driver of customer acquisition and engagement, metrics that inform our holistic approach to real estate,’ CEO Greg Scott said on the call. "}
{"id": "doc9519", "text": "RTW reported disappointing results for its third quarter, swinging to a net loss of $11.6 million, or a loss of $0.18 per diluted share, from net income of $1.7 million, or earnings of $0.03 per diluted share in the year-ago period."}
{"id": "doc9520", "text": "Net sales fell 5% to $200.1 million from $210.8 million in the prior year, reflecting a 4.0% decrease in same-store sales, and a net reduction in store count by 14 stores from the prior year third quarter. E-commerce grew to 36% of sales from 32% last year."}
{"id": "doc9521", "text": "Overall, we were disappointed with our third-quarter results as softness in our store channel contributed to our sales decrease and operating loss below our expectations,” Scott said in a statement. “That said, we continue to make progress against our strategic initiatives, which include growing our multi-brand platform, driving digital growth across all brands, and implementing our Customer First initiative.”"}
{"id": "doc9522", "text": "RTW ended the third quarter with 414 stores, including 120 outlet locations."}
{"id": "doc9523", "text": "RTW Retailwinds, whose portfolio includes the New York & Company and Fashion to Figure businesses, is taking action after a disappointing holiday season."}
{"id": "doc9524", "text": "Based upon holiday results, the company expects comparable store sales for the fourth quarter to be down 8% to 10%. The operating loss for the fourth quarter is now expected to reflect a loss in the low to mid $20 million range prior to the impact of non-cash impairment charges related to underperforming store assets which will be determined based upon the final closeout of the fiscal year."}
{"id": "doc9525", "text": "“Growth in our core digital brand, celebrity brands and another double-digit comp increase for our Fashion to Figure business driven by e-commerce were not enough to offset disappointing holiday sales resulting from significant declines in store traffic, which led to increased promotional activity,” said Gregory Scott, CEO, RTW Retainwinds, which 412 retail and outlet locations in 35 states."}
{"id": "doc9526", "text": "In light of its performance and given the current environment, Scott said the company is taking decisive action and accelerating its strategic transformation agenda. "}
{"id": "doc9527", "text": "“We are addressing these challenges with a sense of urgency, which will include investing in our customer-first initiative, rationalizing our real estate portfolio, evaluating all aspects of our go-to-market strategy, and reconfiguring our business to support a profitable and more balanced direct to consumer operating model,” Scott said. "}
{"id": "doc9528", "text": "The retailer said it will provide further updates during its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 earnings release (in March) as it positions itself “to deliver long-term profitable and sustainable growth.”"}
{"id": "doc9529", "text": "“Our strong balance sheet with significant cash and no debt affords us the opportunity to support our transformation,” Scott said. "}
{"id": "doc9530", "text": "In a separate release, RTW said it received notice from the New York Stock Exchange that the average closing price of the company’s common stock over a consecutive 30 trading-day period had fallen below $1.00 per share, which is the minimum price required by the NYSE under Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual."}
{"id": "doc9531", "text": "The retailer said it plans to notify the NYSE by January 23, 2020, that it intends to cure the deficiency and return to compliance with NYSE continued listing requirements."}
{"id": "doc9532", "text": "“The company intends to consider available alternatives, including but not limited to, a reverse stock split, which would require the approval of a majority of the company’s stockholders no later than its next annual shareholders’ meeting,” RTW stated."}
{"id": "doc9533", "text": "Constantly connected consumers increasingly seek to communicate with businesses via text."}
{"id": "doc9534", "text": "According to the new “2020 State of Texting” report from business texting platform Zipwhip, 91% of businesses have sent a customer a text message, while 43% of customers have proactively texted a business. Almost one-third (32%) of customers have proactively texted a business and received no response."}
{"id": "doc9535", "text": "When asked how they would prefer to communicate with a business for different interaction purposes, a leading 70% of consumers cited text as their optimal platform for scheduling. Other popular text-based interaction scenarios include sales/inquiries (55%), customer service/support (53%), and marketing/promotions."}
{"id": "doc9536", "text": "Interestingly, consumers prefer email for some time-sensitive interactions, such as shipment tracking (60% email/20% text), alerts/reminders (60% email/19% text), and account security notification (63% email/17% text). A plurality of consumers only favored phone calls for recruiting/staffing interactions (45%)."}
{"id": "doc9537", "text": "When businesses that have not yet incorporated texting into their customer communications were asked to select reasons, a leading 42% said they don’t know. Other popular responses included believing customers don’t want texts (22%) and concern about being seen as spam (17%)."}
{"id": "doc9538", "text": "These concerns may not be unfounded. Sixty-five percent of consumers say they’ve unsubscribed from a business’s texts. Although this is down 12% from 2019, the top two reasons for unsubscribing include spam (31%) and receiving too many texts (30%), followed by customers not finding the texts relevant to them (18%). "}
{"id": "doc9539", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc9540", "text": "•    77% of consumers use texting more than other messaging tools."}
{"id": "doc9541", "text": "•    74% of consumers prefer help from a human, rather than a chatbot."}
{"id": "doc9542", "text": "•    One-third (33%) of consumers check their cell phone more than 30 times a day."}
{"id": "doc9543", "text": "Zipwhip surveyed 1,000 consumers and 1,600 businesses in conjunction with SurveyMonkey."}
{"id": "doc9544", "text": "Amazon is designing its upcoming fleet of electric vehicles to streamline delivery while eliminating emissions."}
{"id": "doc9545", "text": "In September 2019, Amazon initially announced that as part of its commitment to reducing carbon, it would order 100,000 electric delivery vehicles from sustainable vehicle manufacturer Rivian. This $440 million investment represents what Amazon says is the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles, with vans starting to deliver packages to customers in 2021."}
{"id": "doc9546", "text": "In a new corporate blog post, Amazon is unveiling design details of the electric vans it says will enhance the safety and comfort of drivers while making deliveries more efficient and eliminating 4 million metric tons of carbon per year by 2030. Amazons transportation team spent 18 months evaluating a variety of electric vehicle options to reduce its carbon footprint, and drivers who currently deliver Amazon packages had input into the vehicles design and functionality."}
{"id": "doc9547", "text": "Manufactured at Rivians plant in Normal, Ill., the vans will come in three size variants and support multiple battery sizes so they can be optimized for specific delivery routes. Each vehicle is designed to include a suite of advanced safety technology including automated emergency braking, front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive options, lane keep assist, a pedestrian warning system, traffic design recognition, and an automatic warning system that detects and alerts distracted driver behavior."}
{"id": "doc9548", "text": "The design also includes a digital instrument cluster and central display screen integrated with Amazons logistics management, along with routing and package delivery technology, to eliminate the need for extra navigation or mapping devices. By integrating Amazon Alexa voice assistant technology, the e-tailer will enable drivers to ask for help or use simple voice commands in the cargo bay when sorting packages without having to manually enter commands or consult handheld devices."}
{"id": "doc9549", "text": "Were trying to build the most sustainable transportation fleet in the world, said Ross Rachey, director of Amazons global fleet and products. It also needs to be the most functional, the highest performing, the safest."}
{"id": "doc9550", "text": "Amazons new electric delivery vehicles will begin delivering packages to customers in 2021. The company plans to have 10,000 of the vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030, saving what the e-tailer says will be millions of metric tons of carbon per year by 2030."}
{"id": "doc9551", "text": "Etsy plans to improve efficiency and customer experience with cloud-based data storage and analytics."}
{"id": "doc9552", "text": "The handmade and vintage goods e-commerce retailer has completed a two-year migration from physical data centers to a Google Cloud platform. Now fully operational in the cloud, Etsy moved 5.5 petabytes of data from about 2,000 servers to Google Cloud, the equivalent of moving 22 times the data in the Library of Congress. "}
{"id": "doc9553", "text": "As a result, Etsy has been able to shift more than 15% of its engineering headcount from daily infrastructure management to improving the customer experience. Etsy’s experiment velocity increased 115% in 2019, which the retailer said leads to insights that help its meet buyer and seller needs, ultimately delivering a more personalized, seamless experience. "}
{"id": "doc9554", "text": "This includes building more sophisticated algorithms to help buyers find exactly what they’re searching for within Etsy’s marketplace of more than 65 million seller-generated listings that don’t map back to a single catalog. "}
{"id": "doc9555", "text": "Etsy also says utilizing Google Cloud for data processing will enable it run on 100% renewable electricity by the end of 2020, building on its sustainability efforts that include achieving carbon-neutral shipping. In addition, Etsy says that by allowing it to spin up hundreds of servers in minutes and power then down when they aren’t needed, Google Cloud increases agility while significantly reducing energy usage and overhead resources."}
{"id": "doc9556", "text": "“With the completion of our cloud migration, the sky’s the limit when it comes to our ability to innovate and improve our marketplace, as we leverage the strength and efficiencies we’ve gained through our partnership with Google Cloud,” Mike Fisher, CTO of Etsy, said in a corporate blog post. “We believe our migration to the cloud will allow us to experiment more often with larger data sets and more sophisticated machine learning models, all while reducing our environmental impact. As we gain momentum, we’ll continue to assess how to leverage Google Cloud and take advantage of tools to help make the Etsy experience even better for our community.”"}
{"id": "doc9557", "text": "Data from close to 5 million users of an on-demand delivery platform has been exposed."}
{"id": "doc9558", "text": "In a corporate blog post, DoorDash says that in September 2019, it became aware of “unusual activity” involving a third-party service provider. A subsequent investigation that included outside security experts determined that an unauthorized third party accessed some DoorDash user data on May 4, 2019. "}
{"id": "doc9559", "text": "Approximately 4.9 million consumers, independent contractor drivers, and retailers who joined the DoorDash platform on or before April 5, 2018, are affected. Users who joined after April 5, 2018 are not affected. According to DoorDash, the type of user data accessed could include profile information including names, email addresses, delivery addresses, order history, phone numbers, and hashed, salted passwords which are indecipherable to third parties."}
{"id": "doc9560", "text": "For some consumers, the last four digits of their payment cards were also exposed, but not full credit card information such as complete payment card numbers or a card verification value (CVV) security code. DoorDash says the accessed data is not sufficient to make fraudulent charges on a payment card."}
{"id": "doc9561", "text": "In addition, some drivers and retailers had the last four digits of their bank account number. However, full bank account information was not accessed, and DoorDash says the information accessed is not sufficient to make fraudulent withdrawals from a bank account. Approximately 100,000 drivers had their driver’s license numbers accessed."}
{"id": "doc9562", "text": "DoorDash says it took “immediate steps” to block further access by the unauthorized third party and to enhance security across its platform, and is reaching out directly to affected users. The company is taking additional steps to secure user data, including adding additional protective security layers around data, improving security protocols that govern access to its systems, and bringing in outside security expertise."}
{"id": "doc9563", "text": "Although DoorDash does not believe that user passwords have been compromised, it is still recommending all of those affected to reset their passwords to one that is unique to DoorDash. "}
{"id": "doc9564", "text": "A surprisingly high percentage of retail and e-commerce apps may be putting customer data at risk."}
{"id": "doc9565", "text": "According to a new study of 250 Android apps from mobile testing automation technology provider NowSecure, nearly three in four apps across industries, as well as 82% of retail and 92% of online retail apps, leak sensitive customer data. This includes customer name, user name, email, phone number, geolocation, account numbers, device ID, and device serial number."}
{"id": "doc9566", "text": "One possible reason for the high percentage of retail and online retail apps that leak customers’ personally identifiable information (PII) may be the relative lack of regulation regarding handling of data in the retail industry. Only 50% of tested apps from financial and insurance companies, which face strict regulation of how customer data is managed, showed security issues."}
{"id": "doc9567", "text": "NowSecure advises retailers to ensure app developers follow best practices for building secure mobile apps and to close any gaps they find. Consumers are advised to halt the use of any apps that do not properly safeguard their private information."}
{"id": "doc9568", "text": "NowSecure conducted a study of 250 popular, publicly available Android mobile apps downloaded from the Google Play store. Analysis focused on leakage of unencrypted personal information stored on the mobile device and transmitted over the network, as well as potential exposure to phishing attacks. "}
{"id": "doc9569", "text": "Amazon is reportedly developing a grocery store that will feature cashiers in a Chicago suburb."}
{"id": "doc9570", "text": "According to the Chicago Tribune, Amazon has filed for a Class D liquor license to sell goods at a site in Naperville, Ill., that once housed a Dominick’s grocery store. Renovations have reportedly been ongoing at the more than 30,000-sq.-ft- site, which also contains an operational L.A. Fitness location. "}
{"id": "doc9571", "text": "In addition, Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico confirmed to the Tribune that Amazon is opening a grocery store at the site, although Amazon declined to comment. There has been no announcement or confirmation of when a store will open there or what its name will be. Previously, Amazon said that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc9572", "text": "Amazon is also reported to be developing a roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. brick-and-mortar grocery store in Woodland Hills, Calif. Although this store is also expected to feature conventional checkout lanes, Hngry reports it will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. It is not clear whether the Naperville location will include microfulfillment."}
{"id": "doc9573", "text": "Amazon is simultaneously developing two separate grocery formats. The retailer recently opened its first Amazon Go Grocery store, which features a cashierless “Just Walk Out” shopping model, in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc9574", "text": "Amazon will open a facility in the city of Bondurant, Iowa, in late 2020."}
{"id": "doc9575", "text": "The e-tail titan intends on employing 1,000 full-time workers at the 645,000-sq.-ft. fulfillment center. Employees will work alongside Amazon robotics to pick, pack and ship small items to customers, such as books, electronics and toys."}
{"id": "doc9576", "text": "“We are delighted to be opening our first Iowa fulfillment center in the city of Bondurant and look forward to creating 1,000 new, full-time jobs with Amazon’s $15 minimum wage and industry-leading benefits,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s VP of global customer fulfillment. “The site will help us continue to serve customers with great delivery options and we appreciate the strong support from local and state leaders.”"}
{"id": "doc9577", "text": "We are excited that Amazon is establishing a highly advanced robotic sortation center in Bondurant,” said Jay Byers, CEO of the Greater Des Moines Partnership. “Amazons project in Iowa further demonstrates the region is a logistics and technology hub and adds to the presence of other major tech companies with operations here, This project shows that Iowa continues to be recognized nationally as a top place for businesses to relocate or expand."}
{"id": "doc9578", "text": "Amazon has also pledged to invest over $700 million to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in-demand jobs. Programs will help employees gain access to training to move into skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retail stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon."}
{"id": "doc9579", "text": "Amazon is investing more than $40 million in a robotics innovation hub."}
{"id": "doc9580", "text": "In 2021, the e-tail giant’s Amazon Robotics division will open a 350,000-sq.-ft., state-of-the-art site in Westborough, Mass. that will include corporate offices, research and development labs, and manufacturing space. Developed by Atlantic Management of Framingham, Mass., the new hub will be in addition to the current Amazon Robotics facility in North Reading, Mass., and together the two sites will serve as the company’s epicenter of robotics innovation."}
{"id": "doc9581", "text": "Amazon Robotics expects to create 200 tech and advanced manufacturing jobs at the new facility, including roles in engineering, manufacturing, support and test teams."}
{"id": "doc9582", "text": "“We’re excited to grow our teams in Massachusetts and take advantage of the talent and regional connectivity that MetroWest (Boston) offers,” said Tye Brady, Amazon Robotics’ chief technologist. “This will be a world-class facility, where our teams can design, build, program, and ship our robots, all under the same roof. This expansion will allow us to continue to innovate quickly and improve delivery speed for customers around the world.”"}
{"id": "doc9583", "text": "Since 2011, Amazon says it has invested over $3 billion in Massachusetts, including customer fulfillment infrastructure and research facilities and employee compensation. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed an additional $2.4 billion to the Massachusetts’ economy and generated an additional 7,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires."}
{"id": "doc9584", "text": "In addition, the Amazon Future Engineer program, a childhood-to-career computer science program for young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities, funds computer science classes in more than 40 high schools across Massachusetts."}
{"id": "doc9585", "text": "A 17-year veteran Victoria’s Secret executive is reportedly resigning."}
{"id": "doc9586", "text": "According to CNBC, a spokesperson for Victoria’s Secret parent company L Brands has confirmed that April Holt, VP of stores and store operations, is stepping down from her position. No reason for her imminent departure has been publicly announced."}
{"id": "doc9587", "text": "Becky Kritek-Behringer, senior of store operations at Victoria’s Secret, will handle some of Holt’s regular duties while the company looks for a replacement. Other high-ranking executives, including chief marketing officer Edward Razek and CEO Jan Singer, have resigned from the specialty lingerie retailer in the past 12 months."}
{"id": "doc9588", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc9589", "text": "Savings come in all shapes and sizes for a company the size of Walmart. "}
{"id": "doc9590", "text": "The discounter estimates it will save $60 million annually by changing its buying process for shopping bags, CFO Brett Biggs said during a meeting with investors in New York, reported CNBC. Walmart is also cutting the cost of the vests that its store associates wear by 15% by making them out of recyclable materials."}
{"id": "doc9591", "text": "Walmart is also on track to save $100 million annually by centralizing how it maintains the equipment in its stores to be more energy-efficient, according to Biggs, the report said."}
{"id": "doc9592", "text": "“You can take a lot of small projects ... You can scale them across the business, and they can lead to impressive savings,” Briggs said. “We are bending the curve on expenses.”"}
{"id": "doc9593", "text": "To read the full CNBC report, click here."}
{"id": "doc9594", "text": "Facebook’s troubled efforts to create its own cryptocurrency have reportedly hit more snags."}
{"id": "doc9595", "text": "According to CNBC, major companies that operate in the digital payment space, including Visa, Mastercard, Stripe, and eBay, have all withdrawn their support from Libra, a bitcoin-based Libra cryptocurrency network Facebook has said it will launch in 2020. While 22 companies are still creating a consortium to help oversee Libra, lawmakers in both the U.S. and Europe have been threatening to heavily regulate or even ban the cryptocurrency over concerns it could destabilize global currency markets."}
{"id": "doc9596", "text": "In a CNBC interview on Oct. 14, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the government will take regulatory action if Libra does not meet standards. Facebook has so far declined direct comment."}
{"id": "doc9597", "text": "Facebook disclosed in a July 2019 quarterly report that it faces potential obstacles in launching Libra. These include “significant scrutiny from governments and regulators in multiple jurisdictions,” as well as “significant uncertainty” in whether the marketplace would accept Libra and Facebook’s own lack of experience with digital currency or blockchain technology."}
{"id": "doc9598", "text": "“(T)here can be no assurance that Libra or our associated products and services will be made available in a timely manner, or at all,” Facebook stated in the quarterly SEC filing."}
{"id": "doc9599", "text": "To read the full CNBC article, click here."}
{"id": "doc9600", "text": "A leading pet retailer is boosting its analytical capabilities across channels."}
{"id": "doc9601", "text": "Pet Supplies Plus is partnering with Nielsen Global Connect in a long-term analytic relationship. Under this agreement, Nielsen Global Connect will be the exclusive analytic collaborator with access to Pet Supplies Pluss in-store, e-commerce and key account data. "}
{"id": "doc9602", "text": "Nielsen Global Connect will gain measurement into over 500 Pet Supplies Plus stores. Through the data, Pet Supplies Plus seeks to gain an enhanced understanding of todays pet consumer landscape to support its next decade of growth."}
{"id": "doc9603", "text": "Understanding our consumer is a top priority as we navigate todays quick-moving and evolving omnichannel landscape, said Derek Panfil, chief merchandise and marketing officer at Pet Supplies Plus. Nielsen Global Connect is the most prominent source of data within the U.S. pet market and as we grow our presence both instore and online, we look to Nielsens strength in omnichannel measurement to inform our daily data-driven decisions."}
{"id": "doc9604", "text": "The U.S. pet retail channel continues to thrive and winning pet retailers like Pet Supplies Plus are leaning heavily into data and analytics to stay one step ahead, said Raha Alavi, senior VP of Retail Services at Nielsen Global Connect. As we shape a smarter market for the pet industry at large, we are proud to welcome Pet Supplies Plus to the Nielsen Global Connect measurement universe."}
{"id": "doc9605", "text": "In 2019, Nielsen Global Connect launched Nielsen Total U.S. Pet Retail, which offers a combined and inclusive view into more than 10,000 pet stores, including specialty, non-specialty, regional chains, independent stores, military commissary, grocery, and mass-market stores across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc9606", "text": "Online threats facing retailers are becoming more complex and threatening, but many retailers are still unprepared to deal with such attacks."}
{"id": "doc9607", "text": "Fifty-percent of retailers reported having no response plan for a data breach, which is 11% higher than the all-industry average, according to research from the Ponemon Institute. The most commonly reported attack methods are phishing (69%), Web-based attacks (54%), and malware attacks (40%)."}
{"id": "doc9608", "text": "The report found that 61% of retailers experienced a cyberattack within the past year. The average attack involving the loss of customer or employee data resulted in 7,772 individual records lost or stolen, with an average cost of $1.9 million from the disruption of normal operations."}
{"id": "doc9609", "text": "Other findings include: • Insufficient personnel (91%), insufficient budget (51%) and no understanding of how to protect themselves from cyberattacks (40%) were the most commonly cited challenges by retailers preventing fully effective security posture."}
{"id": "doc9610", "text": "• Eighty-seven percent of retailers agree that cyberattacks are becoming more targeted, 67% believe attacks are becoming more severe and 61% think such attacks are becoming more sophisticated.  "}
{"id": "doc9611", "text": "• Only one in three retailers believes they have adequate budget to achieve strong IT security, while over half do not. But 93% of retailers spend less than 20% of their overall IT budget on security, with an average spend of 11.5%."}
{"id": "doc9612", "text": "• Sixty-nine percent of retailers agree that passwords are an important part of cybersecurity prevention, yet 51% dont have visibility into their employees password practices."}
{"id": "doc9613", "text": "There are billions of stolen credentials on the dark web, and cybercriminals can wait for months for prime opportunities like peak online shopping season to exploit retailers security vulnerabilities and make illegal purchases, said Darren Guccione, CEO and Co-founder of Keeper Security. The reality is, the cybersecurity problems facing the retail industry are not problems of money or personnel, but of mindset. Retailers need to know there are easily implementable, cost-effective security solutions that can greatly bolster their security posture and largely prevent such cybercrime from happening."}
{"id": "doc9614", "text": "Guccione offered three key tips for retailers:•    Educate employees regularly on best security practices and ways to avoid socially engineered attacks. •    Enforce strong login credentials and multi-factor authentication across all employee devices.  •    Conduct regular security audits and encrypt business data. "}
{"id": "doc9615", "text": "The 2019 Global State of Cybersecurity in Small and Medium-Sized Businesses, commissioned by Keeper Security, measured responses from over 2,000 IT and IT security professionals around the world, 239 of which were from the retail industry."}
{"id": "doc9616", "text": "Daily’s is creating a more personalized, integrated loyalty experience."}
{"id": "doc9617", "text": "The convenience store retailer, which operates 36 stores in eastern Florida, is upgrading its loyalty program with the Paytronix platform. Daily’s new loyalty program is the first step in a broader plan to enhance customer experience through updated technology. The Paytronix platform will replace an older RFID- and fob-based system currently in place. "}
{"id": "doc9618", "text": "The new loyalty program will enable the Daily’s marketing team to create customized offers for its customers and features both a mobile app and integration with the NCR Radiant RPOS system. Paytronix uses artificial intelligence to support proprietary algorithms that find the right offer for an individual and deliver it at the proper time to motivate the next visit."}
{"id": "doc9619", "text": "“Our customers love our loyalty program but transitioning to a more modern platform will allow us to give them even more benefits and opportunities,” said Max Glober, Daily’s director of marketing. “We plan to offer our Daily’s Rewards members special pricing, club rewards and sweepstakes, as well as higher-tiered rewards for our most loyal customers. We’ll also surprise and delight our members with random rewards and will focus on driving growth toward our more unique items like our proprietary food offerings.”"}
{"id": "doc9620", "text": "A rapidly-growing franchise chain is offering points and special shopping features to members of its new loyalty program."}
{"id": "doc9621", "text": "Duck Donuts is taking off with Duck Donuts Rewards, a mobile point-based loyalty program based on the LevelUp platform. Available to download on Apple Store and Google Play, the app is designed to work seamlessly with Duck Donuts’ existing POS technology. Rewards members can order ahead in the app and skip the line when they arrive at the store, or scan the app in-store to pay. Customers will earn five points for every dollar spent that will unlock rewards as the status levels increase. As a signup perk, customers receive a free donut after first purchase and on their birthday, in addition to other surprise benefits throughout the year."}
{"id": "doc9622", "text": "In addition to driving visits and purchases, Duck Donuts hopes the program will provide consumer-driven data that will enable better insight into its target audiences."}
{"id": "doc9623", "text": "The following rewards are unlocked at each status level:•    Welcome: Free customized donut after first purchase.•    Fantasduck: Earn 300 points and choose between a free donut or medium coffee.•    Incrediduck: Earn 600 points and receive two free donuts and a medium coffee.•    Magnifiduck: Earn 1,200 points to earn a free half-dozen donuts.•    Stependuck: Earn 2,250 points to receive a free dozen donuts."}
{"id": "doc9624", "text": "We are thrilled to announce the official launch of Duck Donuts Rewards, giving us the opportunity to further engage and reward our loyal guests with our point-based system,” said Russ DiGilio, Duck Donuts founder and CEO. “Duck Donuts Rewards provides a mobile-friendly user experience and convenient way to enjoy our warm, delicious and made-to-order donuts. Having the ability to order donuts and earn rewards in the same app truly streamlines the checkout experience for our customers.”  Duck Donuts opened its first locations in 2007 in Duck and Kitty Hawk, N.C. By 2011, the retailer had expanded to four Outer Banks locations. The first franchise opened in Williamsburg, Va., in 2013, and there are now 90 open franchise locations and more than 145 additional contracts in 26 states and four countries."}
{"id": "doc9625", "text": "Mobile-only stores aren’t right for every retailer, but a good format for Starbucks."}
{"id": "doc9626", "text": "Starbucks is quietly introducing Starbucks Pickup, a streamlined store experience specifically designed for members of the Starbucks Rewards loyalty program who order and pay with its app. Said to be “coming soon,” the store will be located in New York City’s Penn Station and serve up orders placed ahead of time via mobile app. A status board will inform customers of how many orders are ahead of them when they arrive."}
{"id": "doc9627", "text": "Baristas will be on hand to make coffee and assist mobile customers, but not to take in-store orders. Here are three positive results Starbucks Pickup will likely produce."}
{"id": "doc9628", "text": "Higher loyalty/app participationThe opportunity to tap and pay for a Starbucks order ahead of time and then have it ready upon or soon after arrival at the store is a strong motivator to both join the Starbucks Rewards loyalty program and download the Starbucks app (which has Rewards loyalty functionality built-in). "}
{"id": "doc9629", "text": "Every retailer wants as many customers as possible to join its loyalty program and use its app. The benefits of loyalty perks and the ease of mobile shopping can help drive higher purchase totals and more frequent visits (more on that in a moment). In addition, loyalty programs and apps also serve as effective opt-in tools for tracking customer data that provide invaluable insight into their shopper base.  "}
{"id": "doc9630", "text": "Best customers get betterAs mentioned above, participants in retailers’ loyalty and mobile efforts tend to be their best customers. It creates something of a virtuous cycle, as more frequent customers will be more likely to initially join these type of promotions, and then have their positive shopping behavior reinforced by reward and convenience."}
{"id": "doc9631", "text": "Starbucks Rewards takes the concept of providing a premium to your top customers to a whole new level. The elimination of taking orders or accepting payment in-person should result in faster fulfillment, while also removing the need to stand in the traditional, aggravating checkout queue. The entire store exists to serve as a hassle-free experience for Starbucks’ most enthusiastic fans. "}
{"id": "doc9632", "text": "Reduced costsThe Starbucks Rewards format should be able to reduce the operational costs associated with brick-and-mortar retailing in several key ways. While Starbucks has not released any specifics on the size of the store, the elimination of cash wraps and the need to allot space for in-person purchases should allow for a smaller footprint than a traditional Starbucks location."}
{"id": "doc9633", "text": "In addition, Starbucks does not have to invest in traditional POS terminals, or pay a store associate to serve as a cashier. Instead, associates can devote their full attention to filling orders and assisting customers. This improves operational efficiency and customer satisfaction, and possibly allows Starbucks to staff the store with fewer employees. "}
{"id": "doc9634", "text": "Another grocer is spiking up their on-demand delivery offering."}
{"id": "doc9635", "text": "Discount grocer Aldi, which operates more than 1,900 stores in 36 U.S. states, is now delivering beer and wine nationwide, in accordance with state and local laws. Aldi is providing alcoholic beverage delivery via the Instacart on-demand delivery platform, in as little as one hour."}
{"id": "doc9636", "text": "Shoppers can visit the Aldi e-commerce site or Aldi section of the Instacart app to select from an assortment of wine and beer, and have it delivered to their door. Since Aldi began grocery delivery with Instacart in 2017, the retailer has increased the number of locations offering delivery to nearly all U.S. stores.  "}
{"id": "doc9637", "text": "Aldi and Instacart are offering free delivery for first-time customers with a discount code until Dec. 31, 2019. Customers ordering alcohol must be at least 21 years of age and are required to enter their date of birth at checkout and present a valid government ID at the time of delivery."}
{"id": "doc9638", "text": "The busy holiday season is fast approaching, making convenience more important than ever, and adding alcohol delivery to our online offerings is one more way ALDI saves you time, said Scott Patton, VP of corporate buying, Aldi U.S. Our award-winning wines range from less than $5 for 90-point rated Evanta Malbec to $12 for premium offerings, such as 92-point rated Peaks & Tides Cabernet Sauvignon. You can have a bottle delivered to your doorstep in as fast as an hour."}
{"id": "doc9639", "text": "As on-demand delivery becomes an increasingly common service offered by grocers, more grocery retailers have been adding alcohol to their delivery assortment as a competitive differentiator. Other retailers in the grocery space who have recently launched on-demand delivery programs for adult beverages include Walmart (with a curbside pickup option), BJ’s https://chainstoreage.com/bjs-introduces-same-day-liquor-delivery, and Sam’s Club."}
{"id": "doc9640", "text": "Amazon and Walmart are both reportedly considering a purchase of on-demand grocery delivery platform FreshDirect."}
{"id": "doc9641", "text": "According to the New York Post, the two retail titans have been examining the financial and performance data of FreshDirect. The delivery service’s largest investor, J.P. Morgan, is reportedly seeking potential buyers following its move to a new distribution facility in The Bronx in 2018. "}
{"id": "doc9642", "text": "Since that time, the Post reports FreshDirect has been losing customers due to late and incomplete deliveries caused by difficulties integrating the technology at the distribution center with its front-end e-commerce software. Both Amazon and Walmart are said to have considered purchasing FreshDirect at least two previous times."}
{"id": "doc9643", "text": "New York-based FreshDirect, which specializes in delivery of fresh food and groceries in the Northeast, launched a same-day delivery service in March 2019. At the time, the company said it was planning geographic expansion for late 2019 and early 2020. "}
{"id": "doc9644", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc9645", "text": "The Big Apple is about to get sweeter. "}
{"id": "doc9646", "text": "Krispy Kreme on Wednesday announced it will open six locations in New York City this year, including its previously announced Times Square flagship. Currently, the company has one city location (in Penn Station), which is set to reopen on Jan. 30 after being remodeled as part of the expansion. "}
{"id": "doc9647", "text": "The first new Krispy Kreme location in the city will open on Feb. 4, in Manhattan’s Midtown area. Additional stores are planned for Manhattan’s financial district, Harlem and Upper West Side neighborhoods, along with a location in the Bronx. "}
{"id": "doc9648", "text": "Krispy Kreme’s 4,500-sq.-ft. flagship at Broadway and 48th Street in Times Square will open in May. The store, which is expected to serve more customers annually than any other Krispy Kreme location in the world, will showcase the doughnut-making process from start to finish, from the mixing of raw ingredients to the brand’s iconic glaze “waterfall.” It will include a stadium-style seating area designed as the world’s largest Krispy Kreme doughnut box."}
{"id": "doc9649", "text": "“New Yorkers expect the best, including the best doughnuts,” said Andrew Skehan, Krispy Kreme’s President of North America. “Their reaction to our Times Square flagship announcement last year was tremendous. It fueled our excitement to expand in the Big Apple in an even bigger way,” "}
{"id": "doc9650", "text": "Krispy Kreme has nearly 1,400 shops in 33 countries."}
{"id": "doc9651", "text": "An e-tail giant’s automotive marketplace is enabling customers to buy and sell vehicles via mobile app."}
{"id": "doc9652", "text": "eBay Motors is launching an all-new, automotive-focused app in the U.S. for Apple iPhone and Android. Starting Dec. 12, customers can use the free app to list, search and shop for vehicles. Features include a personalized homepage, streamlined listing capabilities, and improved search filters. "}
{"id": "doc9653", "text": "Shoppers can instantly access eBay Motors’ selection of vehicle inventory, while sellers can list their vehicles to eBay’s buyers. When selling a vehicle, the user will be prompted by the app to take a photo of the license plate, which the app will use to automatically populate key details such as make and model, year, and vehicle identification number (VIN). Sellers can also upload images and a video of the vehicle. "}
{"id": "doc9654", "text": "When listing or viewing a vehicle on the new eBay Motors app, images of the vehicle will be automatically organized by artificial intelligence (AI) to provide a listing which eBay says will look like it was created by a mechanic. Buyers can perform featured searches to filter results by attributes such as type of vehicle, cars from favorite movies, or vintage cars that were popular in years past. Shoppers can save search results with a “favorites” feature. "}
{"id": "doc9655", "text": "“eBay Motors is the premier destination for auto enthusiasts and general car buyers looking for great value and selection, and it was our mission to distill those offerings into a functionality-packed app made by car-lovers for car-lovers,” said Ron Jaiven, GM of eBay Vehicles. “With the new launch, we’re serving an elevated experience that is unrivaled in the market for buyers and sellers alike, and is a game-changer in the way users buy and sell cars.”"}
{"id": "doc9656", "text": "A new eBay app feature enables repurchases at the touch of a button. "}
{"id": "doc9657", "text": "The Buy Again button streamlines the process of repeating a purchase on the eBay app on iOS and Android mobile devices. Customers can scroll through a list of their purchases and see the Buy Again button, which they can click to quickly purchase the same product from the same seller."}
{"id": "doc9658", "text": "If the same item is not available from the same seller, buyers can use the Buy Similar button. eBay’s search algorithms will then surface similar inventory, using the purchase title. Buyers will see the same product sold by a different seller; the same product in a different variant (such as color); or a similar product (like a different running sneaker from the same brand). "}
{"id": "doc9659", "text": "eBay is launching this new app feature in response to customers frequently repurchasing the same listings across all categories on the site. However, with 1.4 billion product listings and millions of sellers, there was previously not an easy way for customers to land on the same item page to make a repurchase. "}
{"id": "doc9660", "text": "“For buyers, our goal is to provide a seamless experience to help discover relevant items to repurchase,” said Asheem Sinha, senior product manager, eBay, in a corporate blog post announcing the Buy Again button. “For sellers, this is another feature that brings return buyers back to your eBay listings.”"}
{"id": "doc9661", "text": "The Buy Again button will be available on desktop in 2020. eBay also plans to test a dedicated repurchase experience via a Buy Again page, which will make it easier for buyers to find the items that they’d like to purchase again in one place."}
{"id": "doc9662", "text": "Couples can register for a cash fund to help out with their honeymoon or make a house down payment on Bed Bath & Beyond’s new wedding registry platform.   The platform, dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way,” allows couples to register for traditional gift essentials as well as “gift experiences” in-store, online or via app. They can also create a cash fund. The registry also gives customers access to digital tools such as a registry checklist, price analyzer, collection starter and thank-you manager. "}
{"id": "doc9663", "text": "In addition, the struggling home furnishings retailer offers perks such as a completion discount and bonus gifts via the platform. Until March 18, 2020, new registrants can qualify to earn $100 in Bed Bath & Beyond rewards when they create a registry."}
{"id": "doc9664", "text": "This new wedding registry experience highlights the comprehensive capabilities Bed Bath & Beyond has built for our registrants to create a wedding registry as unique as the couple themselves, said interim marketing lead Michael Krueger. Your Registry, Your Way was created to conveniently combine alternative gifting options with traditional product essentials all-in-one place to make it easy for our registrants to create a home and life together."}
{"id": "doc9665", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new partnership making an assortment of private-label Macy’s items available on the Zola online wedding planning site."}
{"id": "doc9666", "text": "As of November 30, 2019, Bed Bath & Beyond had a total of 1,524 stores, including 981 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, 278 stores under the names of World Market, Cost Plus World Market or Cost Plus, 126 buybuy Baby stores, 81 stores under the names Christmas Tree Shops, Christmas Tree Shops andThat! or andThat!, 55 stores under the names Harmon, Harmon Face Values or Face Values, and three stores under the name One Kings Lane."}
{"id": "doc9667", "text": "Another digital wedding registry is freshening up its offerings in preparation for the spring."}
{"id": "doc9668", "text": "Zola is unveiling a number of new digital features and services, including a new chat feature in its mobile app called the Zola Registry Advisor. The advisor provides couples with mobile, one-on-one wedding planning and registry assistance."}
{"id": "doc9669", "text": "The retailer has also expanded its assortment to feature a curated selection of over 100,000 products from over 1,000 brands. Couples can sync existing registries and add gifts from anywhere with the Add to Zola button. Artificial intelligence (AI)-equipped planning tools enable users to set up a registry with personalized recommendations based on a couples interests, ideal price point and guest count. "}
{"id": "doc9670", "text": "In addition, couples can choose when their gifts ship or make a virtual return. Furthermore, Zola will help couples keep track of who bought which gift and then order customized thank you notes."}
{"id": "doc9671", "text": "Other features and benefits include a $50 referral program (for both the referrer and their friend), customizable cash and honeymoon finds with seamless direct deposit, free shipping and free returns, a 20% post-wedding completion discount, and free bonus gifts."}
{"id": "doc9672", "text": "We live and breathe registry. Weve spent years listening to our couples, solving for their pain points, curating the best brands, and building benefits that only we can offer. Thats why over 1 million couples have chosen us, and why were the go-to registry for 2020 couples, said Shan-Lyn Ma, CEO of Zola."}
{"id": "doc9673", "text": "As the spring wedding season approaches, retailers have been launching digital wedding offerings. These include a new suite of wedding planning tools from David’s Bridal, as well as a new wedding registry platform from Bed Bath & Beyond dubbed “Your Registry, Your Way.” Zola itself recently launched a partnership with Macy’s making an assortment of the department store retailer’s private-label items available on the Zola site. "}
{"id": "doc9674", "text": "Security breaches involving mobile devices are surging.Retailers saw a sharp jump in security breaches involving mobile devices between 2017 and 2018, according to the Verizon Mobile Security Index. The study finds that 31% of retail respondents suffered a mobile compromise in 2018, up from 16% in 2017. More than half (54%) of these mobile compromises in the retail industry were considered major, and 27% had lasting repercussions. The vast majority (85%) of retail respondents said that the risks associated with mobile devices are serious and growing.Not surprisingly, retailers were most concerned about mobile security breaches impacting their customers’ financial and personal data. Fifty-five percent of retailers were likely to be concerned about cybercriminals stealing payment card details, compared to 37% of respondents across all industries surveyed.Retailers were also more likely to be concerned about customer data being taken (61%). Of those retailers that experienced a mobile-related compromise, 38% said that cloud-based systems had been compromised as part of the incident.Most retail respondents said their mobile defenses were effective (81%) and that they’d be able to spot a compromised device quickly (76%). However, 70% of retailers that suffered a mobile compromise were notified of it by a third-party: customer, partner or law enforcement.Despite retailers’ general confidence in their mobile defenses, two-thirds (64%) said they were less confident about the security of their mobile devices than other IT assets, including desktops and servers. Only 26% were using a private mobile network for mobile security, 34% had unified endpoint management (UEM) in place and 38% had a data loss prevention solution on their mobile devices.Eighty-one percent of retail respondents did say the threat of regulatory penalties had driven increased spend on mobile security. When asked specifically about the impact of the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), passed in 2018, on their mobile security activities, 47% of retailers agreed that they have reassessed the risk associated with mobile devices in light of GDPR. Another 28% strongly agreed, meaning three-quarters (75%) of retail respondents took another look at mobile security due to GDPR. Twenty-two percent disagreed, and 3% strongly disagreed.Insecure Wi-Fi hotspots (44%) and device loss/theft (41%) ranked as the two biggest causes of mobile-related compromises affecting retailers. Almost six in 10 (57%) of retailers said they thought the growth in threats to mobile devices was a result of other systems being made more secure, driving criminals to look elsewhere.Downtime was the most common consequence for retailers that suffered a mobile breach (67%). Fifty-nine percent had other devices compromised, and 56% lost data. Twenty-two percent of these respondents suffered all three consequences.Verizon’s Mobile Security Index 2019 findings are based on a survey of over 600 professionals, including retail executives, involved in buying, managing and securing mobile devices for their organizations."}
{"id": "doc9675", "text": "With increased traffic and sales, the holidays also bring retailers heightened risk of cyberattack."}
{"id": "doc9676", "text": "Chain Store Age recently discussed the most pressing security threats facing retailers during the 2019 holiday season and beyond with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a senior computer scientist on the Cyber Task Force at the FBI Seattle field office, shared insight on the latest cybercrime techniques retailers must defend themselves against as peak season approaches."}
{"id": "doc9677", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during Black Friday?"}
{"id": "doc9678", "text": "“There is a new trend of cybercriminals using more targeted, strategic ransomware to lock up computers and demand extortion payments to unlock them. In the past, threat actors focused on stealing payment card records from retailers and paid close attention to the days leading up to Black Friday. "}
{"id": "doc9679", "text": "“The whole holiday shopping season was a lucrative time, as there is a high volume of card-present transactions. Criminals would install machines in card swipes at POS terminals. As they got hit hard with these type of attacks, more retailers began implementing EMV readers and point-to-point encryptors, making it difficult to steal card numbers."}
{"id": "doc9680", "text": "“While there is still a hot market to purchase stolen card numbers, ransomware has gone from a scattershot, random attack to a targeted, strategic attack. Companies frequently buy cyberinsurance, and many policies will help pay for ransom. The cybercriminals have a list of what insurance companies are willing to pay and what insurance companies retailers are using. "}
{"id": "doc9681", "text": "“Hackers will also time a ransomware attack so retailers have short timeframe to make a decision. If a retailer is facing a period of two to three weeks to restore their systems from backup during the holiday shopping period and the hacker promises that if they put in the secret key they will get by paying ransom their systems will be back in one day, there is a strong incentive to pay.”"}
{"id": "doc9682", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face for Cyber Monday?"}
{"id": "doc9683", "text": "“We are seeing a huge increase in the number of attacks on e-commerce sites that provide services for online retailers. For example, a company that provides a turnkey solution retailers can use for shipping. A hacker who gains access can install malware on multiple different retailers at once and collect card data as it is entered into site."}
{"id": "doc9684", "text": "“These are known as ‘Magecart’ attacks, and are being perpetrated by many unrelated groups who are using similar techniques to compromise online retailers. They gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase. Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc9685", "text": "(Editor’s note: Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack.) "}
{"id": "doc9686", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during the remainder of the holiday season?"}
{"id": "doc9687", "text": "“Retailers face the same threats post-Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with malware harvesting card data as customers make transactions in person or online, and ransomware/extortion attacks. In the past few months, there have been reports of the coming together of threat actors who typically operate in separate circles, selling criminal services requiring special skills."}
{"id": "doc9688", "text": "“For example, some threat actors break into networks all day and have their own expertise. Others are experts at social engineering or phishing, or develop custom malware that standard antivirus programs won’t recognize. They advertise on the dark web and share data on activities like locking up computers with ransomware."}
{"id": "doc9689", "text": "“Researchers got the idea to analyze the dark web to discover which companies were being targeted, so now cybercriminals share information in vague terms or directly cooperate with large ransomware groups. They may sell their expert  criminal services exclusively to one steady customer they know can pay.”"}
{"id": "doc9690", "text": "What is the biggest threat on the horizon for 2020?"}
{"id": "doc9691", "text": "“More retailers will adopt proactive security strategies to protect their networks and receive alerts when threat actors are in the network. A natural consequence has been threat actors have become more advanced in researching security products. They acquire the same security products retailers use and put smart people to work researching, reverse engineering and testing security products to learn how to evade them and obtain access to high-value targets. "}
{"id": "doc9692", "text": "“Retailers need to not just prevent and block threat actors, who always find ways to evade security software, but also detect them once they are inside the network.” "}
{"id": "doc9693", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9694", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9695", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9696", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9697", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9698", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9699", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9700", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9701", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9702", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9703", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9704", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9705", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9706", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9707", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9708", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9709", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9710", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9711", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9712", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9713", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9714", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9715", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9716", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9717", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9718", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9719", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9720", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9721", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9722", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9723", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9724", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9725", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9726", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9727", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9728", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9729", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9730", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9731", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9732", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9733", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9734", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9735", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9736", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9737", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9738", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9739", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9740", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc9741", "text": "Cybercriminals are evolving their techniques for breaking into computer networks."}
{"id": "doc9742", "text": "According to the IBM X-Force Threat Intelligence Index 2020 from IBM Security, 60% of initial entries into victims’ networks that were observed leveraged either previously stolen credentials or known software vulnerabilities. This allowed attackers to rely less on deception to gain access."}
{"id": "doc9743", "text": "The index highlighted several contributing factors to this growing cyberattack trend. They included a significant increase in the percentage of incidents stemming from hackers scanning and exploiting vulnerabilities in software to 30% in 2019 from 8% in 2018. The use of previously stolen credentials also gained ground as a preferred point-of-entry, responsible for 29% of observed incidents in 2019. Meanwhile, phishing attacks designed to steal new credentials dropped to 31% of observed incidents in 2019 from more than half in 2018."}
{"id": "doc9744", "text": "Just in 2019, the report states more than 8.5 billion records were compromised—resulting in a 200% increase in exposed data reported year-over-year and adding to the growing number of stolen credentials that cybercriminals can use as their source material."}
{"id": "doc9745", "text": "Retail has jumped to the second most attacked industry in this year’s report, in a very close race with financial services which remained at the top for the fourth year in a row. Magecart attacks are among the most prominent attacks observed against retail, impacting a reported 80 e-commerce sites in the summer of 2019."}
{"id": "doc9746", "text": "Other key highlights from the index include:"}
{"id": "doc9747", "text": "• The report shows an uptick in ransomware activity in 2019, with IBM X-Force deploying its incident response team to ransomware incidents in 13 different industries worldwide. However, IBM X-Force saw significant attacks against retail, manufacturing and transportation, which IBM analysis indicates are known to either hold a surplus of monetizable data or rely on outdated technology and, thus, face the vulnerability sprawl."}
{"id": "doc9748", "text": "• IBM’s analysis found that of the more than 8.5 billion breached records reported in 2019, 7 billion of those, or over 85%, were due to misconfigured cloud servers and other improperly configured systems, a departure from 2018 when these records made up less than half of total records."}
{"id": "doc9749", "text": "• IBM observed a “squatting” trend in phishing campaigns, where attackers impersonate consumer brands to trick users into clicking malicious links in phishing attempts. Nearly 60% of the top 10 spoofed brands identified were Google and YouTube domains, while Apple (15%) and Amazon (12%) domains were also spoofed by attackers looking to steal users’ monetizable data."}
{"id": "doc9750", "text": "IBM X-Force conducted its analysis based on insights and observations from monitoring 70 billion security events per day in more than 130 countries. In addition, data is gathered and analyzed from multiple sources including X-Force IRIS, X-Force Red, IBM Managed Security Services, and publicly disclosed data breach information. IBM X-Force also runs thousands of spam traps around the world and monitors tens of millions of spam and phishing attacks daily while analyzing billions of web pages and images to detect fraudulent activity and brand abuse. "}
{"id": "doc9751", "text": "Black Friday and Cyber Monday play critical roles in the sales and viability of both online and brick-and-mortar retailers. "}
{"id": "doc9752", "text": "According to Adobe Analytics, in 2018, Black Friday recorded over $6 billion in online sales, and Cyber Monday nearly $8 billion. The National Retail Federation (NRF) estimates that 30% of annual retail sales occur between Black Friday and Christmas, making the holiday shopping season a critical time for retailers.  "}
{"id": "doc9753", "text": "Cybercriminals are well aware of this annual global shopping spree and, by their nature, will follow the money. They have been planning what they can skim, steal, and gain control of for a timely ransomware payout. Organized retail crime is a significant problem, and is reported to cost retailers $30 billion each year through stolen credit card data and other assets."}
{"id": "doc9754", "text": "Here are some steps that retailers can take to protect themselves this season:"}
{"id": "doc9755", "text": "1.    Practice digital hygiene. With so many attacks facilitated by human error or misconfigurations, keep systems up to date and train employees on how to keep things that way. "}
{"id": "doc9756", "text": "2.    Improve employee preparedness. In addition to awareness training, make sure employees have a safe way to test links and attachments before opening them. Also, require multiple levels of authentication before approving money, payments, or transfer requests."}
{"id": "doc9757", "text": "3.    Segment your networks. Make sure that only the right devices are on the right network segments. Continuous visibility to new devices being added to the network or into exposed credentials that create attack paths will be invaluable for preventing easy network access."}
{"id": "doc9758", "text": "4.    Don’t store more data than you need to. In the unfortunate event attackers access and steal databases, they should not have access to extra data like three- or four-digit card verification values (CVVs) or PINs. "}
{"id": "doc9759", "text": "5.    If free WiFi access is provided, take precautions to detect man-in-the-middle attacks or users attempting to download malware onto devices."}
{"id": "doc9760", "text": "6.    Update and test out incident response playbooks. A dry run can be invaluable."}
{"id": "doc9761", "text": "7.    Have policies on ransomware and whether you will pay. Testing how quickly one can restore operations can be useful for setting employee and customer expectations. Ransomware attacks on retailers doubled from 2017 to 2018, and per SonicWall, on Cyber Monday 2018, the US experienced a 432% year-on-year increase in ransomware attacks "}
{"id": "doc9762", "text": "8.    Prepare for digital skimmers. Implement end-to-end encryption to mitigate risk and review mobile apps and take steps to harden them.  "}
{"id": "doc9763", "text": "9.    Do not ignore the physical aspects of a breach. The quickest way to access a network is by visiting the premises and connecting directly. This applies to kiosks and self-checkout terminals, too."}
{"id": "doc9764", "text": "10.    Have reliable detection mechanisms for all attack methods and environments. Solutions that require logs or behavioral trending may not prove effective for quick detection. Deception technology, however, will play a powerful role in quickly alerting based on attacker engagement, policy violations, or unauthorized Active Directory (AD) queries."}
{"id": "doc9765", "text": "11.    Be proactive. Rather than waiting for an attack to commence, deception technology creates traps to lure intruders into revealing themselves. Deception technology has demonstrated it can reduce the amount of time an attacker remains undetected by as much as 91%."}
{"id": "doc9766", "text": "12.    Understand how intruders operate. Intruders will attempt to steal credentials or access secure drives, so using deception to plant fake ones can misdirect their attacks. And since intruders will typically attempt to query the AD, defenders can detect these queries and feed them fake data that will redirect the attacks into decoys. Additionally, by observing attack paths, organizations can gain information on how to shut them down in the future."}
{"id": "doc9767", "text": "13.    Work with information sharing and analysis centers such as the RH-ISAC to fortify defenses based on information gathered and shared by industry peers."}
{"id": "doc9768", "text": "14.    Make sure the company hasn’t fallen below the standards defined by PCI DSS. And although not required yet, organizations should be prepared for compliance with the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) to help avoid the fines and losses associated with a breach.     "}
{"id": "doc9769", "text": "15. Ensure solutions are comprehensive. Any solution should be effective against insiders, suppliers, and malicious threat actors and deliver the adversary intelligence necessary to substantiate the attack, quickly complete triage, contain the attacker, and restore operations."}
{"id": "doc9770", "text": "As retailers prepare for this holiday season and as part of their ongoing operations, this list can go a long way in reducing risk and making it exponentially harder to breach their networks. "}
{"id": "doc9771", "text": "Consumers want to do business with companies that treat security seriously, and customers will reward those that do with loyalty. Those that do suffer a breach risk losing their customer base. This is a matter to be taken seriously."}
{"id": "doc9772", "text": "Carolyn Crandall is chief deception officer, Attivo Networks"}
{"id": "doc9773", "text": "Retailers are lagging well behind customer preferences when it comes to in-store technology."}
{"id": "doc9774", "text": "According to “The Future of Retail,” a new study from Boston Retail Partners (BRP), 48% of customers are likely to prefer a retailer offering proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store. Thirty-two percent of customers are likely to choose a retailer offering an augmented reality (AR) experience over one not offering it, and more than five in 10 consumers (57%) would choose a store offering an automated returns process or self-checkout with an app (55%) over a store that did not provide these technology-enabled features."}
{"id": "doc9775", "text": "However, BRP data indicates most retailers have not yet responded to customer desires for these emerging in-store technology offerings. Only one in 10 retailers offer proximity-triggered mobile coupons within the store, and a mere 2% offer an augmented reality (AR) experience as a means of customer service. A slightly higher percentage provide self-checkout via app (14%) or an automated returns process (13%)."}
{"id": "doc9776", "text": "The study also reveals low levels of retailer adoption of other leading-edge in-store technologies, such as in-store real-time order visibility (18%), artificial intelligence (AI) such as digital assistants and chatbots (7%), and facial recognition sensors. Close to three in 10 (28%) retailers do offer an in-store product locator app (28%). "}
{"id": "doc9777", "text": "Looking ahead, a fair number of retailers plan to implement these technologies in their stores in the next two years, with one notable exception:"}
{"id": "doc9778", "text": "•    Real-time order status visibility (41%)•    Self-checkout app (39%)•    Product locator app (33%)•    Proximity-triggered mobile coupons (39%)•    AI (50%)•    Facial recognition sensors (2%)•    AR (27%)•    Automated pickup (36%)•    Automated returns (25%)"}
{"id": "doc9779", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc9780", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc9781", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc9782", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc9783", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc9784", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc9785", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc9786", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc9787", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc9788", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc9789", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc9790", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc9791", "text": "A majority of consumers see promise for artificial intelligence (AI), but aren’t ready to remove humans from the retail experience."}
{"id": "doc9792", "text": "According to a new consumer survey from digital transformation agency Blue Fountain Media, 60% of respondents think that while AI is a technology with a lot of promise, we have to be careful what it’s used for. Almost half (47%) of respondents don’t enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction. "}
{"id": "doc9793", "text": "The 47% figure comprises 41% of respondents who say they generally just like dealing with a real person when they have a customer service issue, and 6% who say AI has screwed up on them in the past and not dealt with their problem satisfactorily. "}
{"id": "doc9794", "text": "However, 12% of respondents enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction, citing “AI knows all the facts and policies better than many customer service reps I’ve dealt with.” Another 16% said getting customer issues resolved without human interaction is faster and less of a hassle dealing with an AI-powered chatbot or phone operator. One-quarter of respondents enjoy getting customer issues resolved without human interaction, but said there’s definitely more room for improvement."}
{"id": "doc9795", "text": "Almost one-third (32%) of respondents’ biggest fear about AI is that it will take over, replace all jobs, and possibly one day, replace humans. In another statistic demonstrating concerns some consumers have over the potentially de-humanizing effect of AI, 27% of respondents fear that AI immersion into our daily lives will improve them, but also make them a lot less personal and intimate."}
{"id": "doc9796", "text": "Other interesting responses include:"}
{"id": "doc9797", "text": "•    10% of respondents believe that the greatest promise for AI lies in retailers providing a more consistent and personalized experience.•    8% don’t see AI having an impact on their personal life because they don’t trust AI to help at all.•    4% see AI having its biggest impact on their personal life via shopping and customer service with personalized chatbots."}
{"id": "doc9798", "text": "Using SurveyMonkey, Blue Fountain Media surveyed over 1,000 U.S. respondents ages 18-65. "}
{"id": "doc9799", "text": "Direct-to-consumer (DTC) brands must overcome a familiar foe to thrive with consumers."}
{"id": "doc9800", "text": "According to the 2020 DTC Hype Report from digital commerce platform Scalefast and research firm YouGov, 43% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because of the cheaper and/or free shipping options that are available. Another 36% would choose Amazon because the shipping is faster, while one-third (33%) would choose to shop on Amazon because of Amazon Prime perks like shipping options, auto-fulfillment, and coupons. "}
{"id": "doc9801", "text": "In addition, 30% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because it’s easier to make a purchase, and 28% would select Amazon because it’s easier to make a return. "}
{"id": "doc9802", "text": "When asked to compare DTC brands to traditional retailers, roughly one in five (19%) respondents familiar with DTCs believe that they are more likely to be ahead-of or on-trend, and one in seven (14%) believe that DTC companies are more technologically forward. "}
{"id": "doc9803", "text": "Furthermore, almost 15% of respondents familiar with DTC brands believe that they have a better user experience (12.56%) and higher quality products (13.2%) than traditional retailers. However, almost one in six (15.49%) still believe that it’s riskier to buy from a DTC brand than a traditional retailer. In good news for DTCs, the survey indicates opportunities to attract customers with merchandising, branding, and customer experience: •    38% of respondents familiar with a DTC brand would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was made in the U.S.•    30% of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was sustainably made.•    Almost two in 10 (18.24%) of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the company had a cause-oriented mission.•    26% say that stronger payment security and efforts would improve the DTC shopping experience.•    Over two in 10 (21.86%) say that they would like to see same-day delivery options incorporated into the DTC companies they choose to use.•    16% want DTC companies to adopt a seamless experience across devices to improve experience. “Our research showed that while some consumers know of and buy from DTCs, this new retail category is a blurred line in the minds of most consumers,” said Olivier Schott, founder of Scalefast. “If DTC brands want to become the new normal in retail, they need to learn from traditional retail mistakes, decide if Amazon is worth the risk and adapt to a changing customer that is more sensitive to concerns like their payment security to where a product is made than ever before.”"}
{"id": "doc9804", "text": "Scalefast commissioned YouGov Plc to conduct an online poll of a representative sample of 1,352 U.S. adults."}
{"id": "doc9805", "text": "Amazon is reportedly developing a grocery store that will feature cashiers in a Chicago suburb."}
{"id": "doc9806", "text": "According to the Chicago Tribune, Amazon has filed for a Class D liquor license to sell goods at a site in Naperville, Ill., that once housed a Dominick’s grocery store. Renovations have reportedly been ongoing at the more than 30,000-sq.-ft- site, which also contains an operational L.A. Fitness location. "}
{"id": "doc9807", "text": "In addition, Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico confirmed to the Tribune that Amazon is opening a grocery store at the site, although Amazon declined to comment. There has been no announcement or confirmation of when a store will open there or what its name will be. Previously, Amazon said that its new grocery store format will feature conventional checkout technology, rather than the proprietary cashierless self-checkout featured in Amazon Go stores."}
{"id": "doc9808", "text": "Amazon is also reported to be developing a roughly 33,500-sq.-ft. brick-and-mortar grocery store in Woodland Hills, Calif. Although this store is also expected to feature conventional checkout lanes, Hngry reports it will include a dedicated “microfulfillment” section. Microfulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. It is not clear whether the Naperville location will include microfulfillment."}
{"id": "doc9809", "text": "Amazon is simultaneously developing two separate grocery formats. The retailer recently opened its first Amazon Go Grocery store, which features a cashierless “Just Walk Out” shopping model, in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc9810", "text": "The nation’s largest grocer is not taking a back seat in the race to streamline in-store fulfillment of online grocery orders."}
{"id": "doc9811", "text": "Walmart has been piloting a new technology called Alphabot that is designed to enable quicker, more efficient picking of online grocery orders at the store level. The retail giant has been testing the technology at its supercenter in Salem, New Hampshire, since mid-2019."}
{"id": "doc9812", "text": "Developed exclusively for Walmart by startup Alert Innovation, the Alphabot system operates inside a 20,000-sq.-ft. warehouse-style space, using autonomous carts to retrieve ambient, refrigerated and frozen items ordered for online grocery. After it retrieves the products Alphabot delivers them to an in-store workstation, where a Walmart associate checks, bags and delivers the final order. "}
{"id": "doc9813", "text": "As the Walmart grocery pickup and delivery process currently works, associates select items from the sales floor for customers, package them and then deliver them. While associates will continue to pick produce and other fresh items by hand, Alphabot will help make the retrieval process for all other items easier and faster, according to Walmart. "}
{"id": "doc9814", "text": "Alphabot’s fully autonomous bots operate on three axes of motion. Because the carts that carry items move both horizontally and vertically without any lifts or conveyors, there are fewer space constraints, which Walmart hopes will make adoption of the system easier across stores."}
{"id": "doc9815", "text": "By increasing fulfillment speeds, Walmart also hopes this technology can create more convenience for customers, allowing them to place orders closer to pick-up time, and reducing wait time when picking up an order. "}
{"id": "doc9816", "text": "In addition, Alphabot continually shares order information in real-time. Armed with this data, Walmart intends to make shelf-stocking more intelligent – such as placing items that are usually bought together close to each other. Walmart also seeks to use order data to help make more personally targeted substitutions when a customer’s first choice is out of stock."}
{"id": "doc9817", "text": "“By assembling and delivering orders to associates, Alphabot is streamlining the order process, allowing associates to do their jobs with greater speed and efficiency,” said Brian Roth, senior manager of pickup automation and digital operations for Walmart U.S. “Ultimately, this will lower dispense times, increase accuracy and improve the entirety of online grocery. And it will help free associates to focus on service and selling, while the technology handles the more mundane, repeatable tasks. This is going to be a transformative impact to Walmart’s supply chain. Alphabot is what we think of as micro-fulfillment – an inventive merger of e-commerce and brick and mortar methods.”"}
{"id": "doc9818", "text": "Albertsons, a major grocery rival of Walmart, is running a similar “micro-fulfillment” center pilot supported by a hyperlocal fulfillment solution from Takeoff Technologies. Located inside an existing store, micro-fulfillment centers typically hold about 15,000 to 18,000 of the local market’s most popular products. The centers use robotic technology to fulfill e-commerce orders and provide real-time information about inventory. https://chainstoreage.com/albertsons-thinks-small-e-commerce-fulfillment"}
{"id": "doc9819", "text": "Walmart said that its Salem location will continue to serve as home base for Alphabot while the process is “studied, refined and perfected.” After collecting associate and customer feedback, Walmart will assess next steps for a broader Alphabot rollout."}
{"id": "doc9820", "text": "Brick-and-mortar stores can serve a crucial role in same-day delivery strategies."}
{"id": "doc9821", "text": "As Amazon continues squeezing its delivery window tighter, consumer expectations for how soon they receive online orders are shrinking. With Amazon expanding both the assortment and geographic range of its same-day delivery offering, all other retailers need to start figuring out how they will follow suit."}
{"id": "doc9822", "text": "For brick-and-mortar retailers wondering how they can effectively compete with Amazon (i.e., all brick-and-mortar retailers), having a base of physical stores can create a competitive advantage in launching their own same-day omnichannel fulfillment programs. Target has publicly estimated store-level fulfillment to be 90% cheaper than warehouse fulfillment, which is Amazon’s primary same-day delivery resource."}
{"id": "doc9823", "text": "However, running a same-day delivery service from your stores is not as simple as routing digital orders to the customer’s nearest brick-and-mortar location and hoping for the best. Here are three supporting technologies that can help ensure your stores effectively support same-day delivery. "}
{"id": "doc9824", "text": "MobileOne of the most difficult aspects of fulfilling online orders from a physical store is the need to have store associates perform unfamiliar picking and packing processes. The fast pace of same-day delivery exacerbates the challenge. In addition, retailers must set aside precious store real estate to house fulfillment operations."}
{"id": "doc9825", "text": "Equipping associates with mobile devices can be an effective means of solving both of these issues. Almost all employees are familiar with mobile devices, and potentially can use their own. By streamlining picking and packing workflows with mobile technology, retailers can create an intuitive fulfillment process that does not require space for dedicated hardware."}
{"id": "doc9826", "text": "MicrofulfillmentMicrofulfillment centers are small, warehouse-style spaces located within stores that use robotic technology to automatically pick and retrieve products. Automation allows much greater density and localization of products in a contained space. Microfulfillment systems can be used in conjunction with or in place of mobile picking and packing solutions."}
{"id": "doc9827", "text": "Notable retailers including Walmart, Albertsons, and Loblaw are currently testing microfulfillment technology, while Amazon is reportedly incorporating it into its upcoming grocery store format. Cost and complexity may make microfulfillment less optimal for smaller retailers."}
{"id": "doc9828", "text": "Inventory awarenessRetailers must have the ability to accurately track, trace and locate products across the enterprise in real time to fulfill same-day orders from stores. This includes true awareness of inventory inside a store, as well as nearby stores and warehouses in case product(s) needed for an order are out of stock."}
{"id": "doc9829", "text": "Technologies including RFID, blockchain, computer vision, robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) can all provide a foundation for the true inventory awareness needed to succeed in store-level, same-day fulfillment. Retailers with a closed supply chain may find RFID helpful, while computer vision can aid fulfillment of grocery items that may lack a barcode. Robots can scan backroom and front-of-store shelves and provide instant alerts of misplaced or out-of-stock items, and AI platforms offer the real-time analytical capabilities necessary to evaluate enterprise inventory data on the fly."}
{"id": "doc9830", "text": "In addition to enabling same-day delivery, these technologies also generally improve store-level efficiencies and inventory accuracy, providing additional ROI potential.  "}
{"id": "doc9831", "text": "For the third consecutive year, a regional grocer came out on top in a ranking of the nation’s highest-rated retail workplaces."}
{"id": "doc9832", "text": "H-E-B, based in Austin, Texas, nabbed the No. 1 spot on the annual “Top-Rated Workplaces: Retailers” list by global job site Indeed. (For the ranking, Indeed’s data analytics team reviewed more than 150 million employer ratings and reviews on its site of the companies featured on the Fortune 500 list.) Rounding out the top five were Vans, Costco Wholesale, Nike and Wegmans."}
{"id": "doc9833", "text": "“H-E-B is by far one of the best places to work in the state of Texas,” said one employee. “If you get hired here, it’s one job you would really want to keep.”"}
{"id": "doc9834", "text": "Other employees praised the support of individual growth and potential for advancement at REI, as well as the “flexible hours, fun environment and staff that cares.”"}
{"id": "doc9835", "text": "Indeed noted that one recurring theme this year among employee reviews seems to be the importance of an enjoyable work environment — whether that environment is fun, supportive, true to its company values or all of the above."}
{"id": "doc9836", "text": "“An enjoyable work environment ladders up to the bigger theme of employee experience, which encapsulates everything an employee feels over the course of their journey at a company,” Indeed said. “Consistently good employee experiences will lead to highly engaged candidates and an exceptional company culture, which are attributes these Top-Rated Workplaces share.”"}
{"id": "doc9837", "text": "Here are the top-rated retail workplaces, according to Indeed: "}
{"id": "doc9838", "text": "1.    H-E-B2.    Vans3.    Costco Wholesale4.    Nike5.    Wegmans Food Markets 6.    QuikTrip7.    Best Buy8.    T-Mobile9.    Publix Super Markets 10.    Nordstrom11.    Bath & Body Works12.    Foot Locker13.    Sephora14.    Hobby Lobby15.    American Greetings16.    American Eagle Outfitters17.    Gap 18.    The Home Depot19.    Whole Foods Market20.    Sherwin-Williams21.    T.J. Maxx22.    Verizon23.    Kohls24.    Hot Topic Inc.25.    Marshalls"}
{"id": "doc9839", "text": "The shortened holiday shopping calendar likely put a dent into in-store shopping traffic in December. "}
{"id": "doc9840", "text": "Sensormatic Controls, part of Johnson Controls, released the annual ShopperTrak traffic and trends recap for the 2019 holiday season (encompassing the Sunday before Thanksgiving, Nov. 24, through Saturday, Dec. 28.) The data revealed that the busiest shopping days of 2019 accounted for 46.5% of the total season’s brick-and-mortar traffic. It also showed that Sensormatic’s early prediction of the top 10 busiest shopping days aligned with the actual busiest in-store shopping days (see end of article), with Black Friday and Dec. 21 topping the list. "}
{"id": "doc9841", "text": "In other findings, total in-store traffic in December (Dec. 1 - Dec. 29), was down 6.1% in the U.S. and down 5% in Canada year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc9842", "text": "Brian Field, senior director of global retail consulting for ShopperTrak, noted that with Black Friday landing during the final days of November this year, the 2019 holiday shopping calendar was compressed, which meant fewer shopping days this season."}
{"id": "doc9843", "text": "“Additionally, there were only three Saturdays in December before the Christmas holiday, while there were four in 2018,” he said. “The calendars align more closely between 2019 and 2020, except that Christmas Day will be on a Friday in 2020.” "}
{"id": "doc9844", "text": "Here is ShopperTrak’s list of the actual busiest shopping days in the U.S. during the holiday season. "}
{"id": "doc9845", "text": "1.    Friday, Nov. 29 – Black Friday2.    Saturday, Dec. 21 – Saturday before Christmas, also known as Super Saturday3.    Monday, Dec. 23 – Monday before Christmas4.    Sunday, Dec. 22 – Sunday before Christmas5.    Saturday, Dec. 14 – Two Saturdays before Christmas6.    Saturday, Nov. 30 – Saturday after Black Friday7.    Thursday, Dec. 26 – Day after Christmas, also known as Boxing Day8.    Saturday, Dec. 28 – Saturday after Christmas9.    Friday, Dec. 27 – Friday after Christmas10.    Saturday, Dec. 7 – First Saturday in December"}
{"id": "doc9846", "text": "Store associates are rapidly gaining the ability to provide shoppers with omnichannel services."}
{"id": "doc9847", "text": "According to the annual Omnichannel Leadership Report from NewStore, close to seven in 10 (68%) store associates are using a mobile device in 2019, up from 60% in 2018 and 10% in 2017. The study, which assesses the omnichannel capabilities of over 200 luxury, premium, and lifestyle retailers, found the overall omnichannel competence score of assessed retailers as only 40 out of a 1-to-100 scale (with 100 as top score)."}
{"id": "doc9848", "text": "Nevertheless, the study also reveals significant omnichannel momentum. Data reveals 51% of store associates now have access to organization-wide inventory levels from a mobile device, up from 39% in 2018. And 58% of store associates can see omnichannel purchase history, up from 32% in 2018."}
{"id": "doc9849", "text": "Almost half (47%) of associates can perform an endless aisle purchase for customers in-store, up from 33% in 2018. Three-quarters (74%) of brands allow the use of digital payments in-store, up from 57% in 2018."}
{"id": "doc9850", "text": "Other interesting findings include:•    90% of retailers still have a traditional cash-wrap.•    56% of retailers offer buy online return in store (BORIS).•    33% of retailers offer mobile checkout."}
{"id": "doc9851", "text": "The study also ranked the top five “omni leaders,” the retailers with the most advanced omnichannel capabilities for 2019-2020. They are:1.    Nike2.    Athleta3.    Moncler4.    Louis Vuitton5.    Banana Republic"}
{"id": "doc9852", "text": "“The brands that really struggle are those that operate online and in-store in silos, on systems that were never built with other channels in mind,” said Stephan Schambach, founder and CEO, NewStore. “The key to omnichannel is having a single system for real-time omni data - inventory, customers and orders. And more importantly, putting this in the hands of store associates.”"}
{"id": "doc9853", "text": "Nine in 10 retail marketers face some level of data issues this year."}
{"id": "doc9854", "text": "According to a new survey of nearly 200 retail marketing professionals from email personalization platform Bluecore, only 9% of respondents said they can easily access and effectively take action using data in campaigns across channels without technical support. Another 26% can easily access data without technical support, but taking action with it remains challenging."}
{"id": "doc9855", "text": "More than one-third (35%) of respondents said accessing data remains challenging and they cannot take action with the data they do end up getting. The remaining 30% can access data, but it takes time and technical support, and effectively taking action with it is challenging."}
{"id": "doc9856", "text": "When it comes to personalization efforts, retail marketers display a focus on email. Almost six in 10 (57%) say increasing the percentage of emails tailored specifically to individual customers is their number one personalization priority. Another 14% cite increasing the use of dynamic blocks within an email to improve relevance for individual customers (such as personalizing products or offers within an email)."}
{"id": "doc9857", "text": "Fourteen percent said adjusting their marketing communication channel mix based on individual customer preferences is their number one personalization priority, while 10% cited managing the frequency of customer emails and 5% referenced creating a more relevant onsite experience for individual customers."}
{"id": "doc9858", "text": "When asked to rank how important six objectives will be to them in 2020, respondents replied as follows:"}
{"id": "doc9859", "text": "1.    Increasing email revenue2.    Growing repeat purchase rates3.    Driving more site traffic4.    Increasing onsite conversions5.    Preserving margins6.    Scaling email personalization"}
{"id": "doc9860", "text": "Bluecore gathered and analyzed the following data during the 5th Annual Bluecore Summit, through a survey of nearly 200 marketers."}
{"id": "doc9861", "text": "Amazon is one of the first retailers out of the gate to report a happy holiday. "}
{"id": "doc9862", "text": "As always, the e-commerce giant provided no specifics on numbers of shoppers, items ordered or money spent — although it did provide some insight into grocery sales.  It described the holiday season as “record-breaking,” with “billions of items” ordered worldwide and “tens of millions” of Amazon Devices purchased worldwide. "}
{"id": "doc9863", "text": "Amazon reported that more people tried Prime this holiday season than any previous year, with more than 5 million new customers starting Prime free trials or beginning paid memberships worldwide in just one week alone. It said that the number of Prime members who tried grocery delivery for the first time this holiday season increased by more than 80%, and that Prime members ordered more than double the number of grocery items this holiday season compared to last year."}
{"id": "doc9864", "text": "Here are some other holiday highlights from Amazon:"}
{"id": "doc9865", "text": "• Amazon added more than 250,000 full and part-time seasonal roles across its global customer fulfillment network this holiday season, with the company now employing 750,000 employees worldwide."}
{"id": "doc9866", "text": "•    Sixty percent more customers shipped their holiday order to an Amazon pickup point this season compared to last year."}
{"id": "doc9867", "text": "•    The top 10 cities that used an Amazon Locker or Amazon Counter location this holiday were Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Seattle, Portland, San Jose, Berkeley (Calif.), Austin and Columbus."}
{"id": "doc9868", "text": "•    The last delivery with Amazon’s ultra-fast delivery arrived on Christmas Eve at 11:59 p.m. (PT) in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc9869", "text": "• Toys, fashion, home and beauty items were popular departments to shop with more than half a billion total items ordered in Amazon’s Stores."}
{"id": "doc9870", "text": "• It was a record-breaking holiday season for independent third-party sellers – mostly small and medium-sized businesses – with worldwide unit sales seeing double-digit year-over-year growth, surpassing a billion items sold in Amazon’s Stores."}
{"id": "doc9871", "text": "Retailers, in general, can feel good about the 2019 holiday shopping season. According to MasterCard, holiday e-commerce sales in the U.S. rose 18.8% in 2019 compared to 2018, despite a shorter shopping season caused by Thanksgiving falling a week later.Leveraging prior years’ learnings and newer last-mile delivery methods such as click-and-pick, the industry squeezed more sales into a shorter season with few notable hiccups. But while retailers can rightly congratulate themselves on a successful season, they can’t afford to rest on their laurels. As e-commerce volumes continue to grow and the prospect of supporting next-day and same-day delivery becomes more necessary, there are new challenges that must be addressed if retailers are to continue to expand their e-commerce operations. Expanding the NetworkWhile much attention is given to evolving last-mile delivery methods, those methods ultimately depend on the architecture of the distribution network for their success. The only way next-day delivery becomes cost-effective and same-day delivery becomes feasible is if the product being ordered is already close to the customer at the time of the order. That is driving the need for retailers to re-think their network architecture. It won’t be possible to support continued e-commerce growth with networks that rely solely on centralized or regionalized distribution centers. The first step in this evolution is the addition of new distribution nodes in large metropolitan areas.These new facilities need to be purposefully located and designed to serve their specific role in the distribution network: moving products close to a dense population of e-commerce customers. In most cases, they will carry only fast-moving inventory—the 20% of SKUs that make up 80% of sales. The largest e-commerce operators with the scale to support dedicated e-commerce distribution networks are already moving in this direction. It will be necessary for midsize operators, who typically have e-commerce fulfillment integrated with wholesale distribution and store replenishment, to follow suit. While an integrated distribution network is something of an economic necessity for midsize retailers, it does add a layer of complexity to distribution and fulfillment operations. Where operators with dedicated facilities can tailor processes, tools and equipment to e-commerce fulfillment, an integrated facility does not provide this degree of focus. Unless the operator has experience optimizing processes in this environment, the speed and efficiency of all operations is typically compromised.As a result, more midsize Retailers are taking a page from the playbook of larger Retailers and turning to third-party logistics (3PL) companies that have the necessary experience to manage an integrated warehouse environment. As an added benefit, the 3PL is likely to be moving forward aggressively with establishing distribution nodes in key markets, providing the retailer with an established network to plug into.More Sophisticated Deployment StrategiesWhile the challenge of expanding the distribution network is significant on its own, it also introduces another layer of complexity to inventory deployment. As consumer demand and the network evolve, getting the in-store and online inventory mix right is increasingly difficult, as is determining the inventory needed to avoid out-of-stock situations and control inbound freight costs.Effective inventory deployment strategies—ensuring the right product is in the right location at the right time—enables inventory to be tailored to specific markets and creates benefits that extend from more effective marketing to faster deliveries. Again, 3PLs such as DHL Supply Chain, through their scale, breadth of experience and resources, are leading the industry in developing the tools to support more effective deployment and positioning. This is also true for carrier routing and selection. Retailers need to have multiple carrier options depending on consumer preferences and this requires complex and dynamic routing and carrier selection processes that enable decisions to be deferred until it is time to load. Often, this proves to be just one more example of how the evolution of retail has outpaced the technology infrastructure on which retail is built. The Next Step is a Big OneIt would be nice if retailers could sit back and enjoy the fruits of the e-commerce investments they have made, but the market is too dynamic for that. Continued evolution is necessary to support growth and meet rising customer expectations. Unfortunately, those evolutions don’t involve simple process tweaks or new last-mile delivery methods. They require specialized network engineering expertise and the ability to integrate systems and establish an end-to-end approach to e-commerce management that extends from inventory deployment through carrier selection. It’s also necessary to not only continue to invest in emerging technologies but to build the expertise required to leverage the full capabilities of those technologies.Few retailers will have the time, resources or expertise to tackle this challenge on their own. That’s why a 3PL with the experience and resources of DHL Supply Chain will become even more important in the coming years. We are making the investments in e-commerce infrastructure and technology to enable a future in which next-day and same-day delivery become standard for retailers of every size.For more information on DHL e-commerce fulfillment services, visit http://app.supplychain.dhl.com/e/er?s=1897772577&lid=5059.  "}
{"id": "doc9872", "text": "It appears that male shoppers are very price-conscious."}
{"id": "doc9873", "text": "Price is the number one consideration for men when it comes to making a purchase, according to a study of men’s shopping habits by daVinci Payments. And in line with current eco-friendly and cost-saving trends, men are also moving toward consignment and resale purchases more than ever before. More than 50% of respondents either frequently or regularly purchase used products or take advantage of rental sites."}
{"id": "doc9874", "text": "Two-thirds of respondents prefer richer rebates over instant discounts, the study found. In addition, 80% will spend back prepaid rewards when provided a savings offer with the reward."}
{"id": "doc9875", "text": "In other study findings:"}
{"id": "doc9876", "text": "•    The majority of male shoppers, especially younger men, have more income and buying power this year;•    Fifty-three percent do more than half of their total shopping online;•    Most prefer online shopping for its convenience;•    Forty-percent make more than half of their online purchases from their smartphone;•    The majority claim greater loyalty to brands that surprise them with savings offers;•    Sixty-seven percent believe name brands are 16% more expensive than private label brands; and•    Most men are neutral in preferences between name brands and private label brands."}
{"id": "doc9877", "text": "“Men’s price sensitivity and preference for rebates provides a significant opportunity to attract them with best in market price offers,” said Rodney Mason, daVinci Payments’ chief revenue officer “When their rebate reward is instantly delivered to their phone with a relevant offer attached, they say they will spend it back where the original purchase was made and it makes them more loyal.” As brands fight to foster loyalty among male shoppers, ongoing surprise offers and value rewards to encourage future spending will be key.”"}
{"id": "doc9878", "text": "Everybody’s working for the weekend, except e-commerce retailers."}
{"id": "doc9879", "text": "According to a new study of e-commerce trends from website analytics solution Oribi, Tuesday holds the highest online sales conversion rate (2.5%), followed by Monday (2.25%). The overall average conversion rate of 2.2% drops as the week progresses, falling to 2.1% on the weekends. "}
{"id": "doc9880", "text": "While 11% of all visitors add items to their carts, of these, only 39% proceed to checkout, with 48% of that group completing a purchase. In looking at which channels generate the highest amount of traffic, Oribi found that almost half (48.9%) of all traffic is driven directly to stores via sources such as email marketing and mobile apps. Google is the main second-party traffic driver, powering 35% of traffic through organic search (20.6%) and paid search ads (14.1%), followed by Facebook organic/paid (9.6%) and Instagram organic/paid (1.5%)."}
{"id": "doc9881", "text": "Looking at overall conversion rates for each channel, Google (paid) takes the lead with 2.7% followed by direct traffic (2.5%), Google (organic) (2.1%), Facebook paid/organic (1.5%), and Instagram paid/organic (0.8%). Oribi’s analysis also revealed a gap in the conversion rate of visitors coming from social media platforms based on product price. For products costing less than $100, the conversion rate is above average at 2.6%. For products costing more than $100, the conversion rate drops to 0.4%.  Additional findings include: •    The average conversion rate for visitors on desktop is 2.7% but only 1.9% on mobile, making desktop visitors 50% more valuable than mobile shoppers."}
{"id": "doc9882", "text": "•    The conversion rate for low-priced products was around 2.3%, whereas medium-priced products had a conversion rate of 1.3% and high-end products were 1.5%."}
{"id": "doc9883", "text": "•    51% of visitors buy on their first session, 19% purchase on the second session, 10% purchase on the third session, 14% for sessions four through nine and 6% for any session past the 10th."}
{"id": "doc9884", "text": "One in four small-to-mid-sized businesses (SMBs) keep larger competitors in mind when making shipping/logistics decisions."}
{"id": "doc9885", "text": "According to the “2020 SMB Shipping Strategies Report” from uShip, a logistics technology platform for large and bulky goods, nearly half (47%) of SMB decision makers who have involvement or influence in distribution/logistics and/or procurement/purchasing estimate an increase to their shipping spend in 2020 compared to 2019. The study, conducted online with third-party research firm YouGov, also revealed SMB shipping spend is being influenced by big-box retailers. Twenty-five percent of surveyed SMB decision-makers said the logistics strategies of Amazon and Walmart are influencing how they think about shipping, while 27% said those strategies are influencing how their customers think about shipping. Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc9886", "text": "•    20% of SMB decision-makers would rather invest in the right logistics team over technology, while 30% plan to make new logistics technology a priority. Fourteen percent say investing in new technology is too expensive, while 17% prefer to invest in alternatives to traditional shipping options such as UPS, FedEx, and freight brokers.•    17% don’t trust fragile items to arrive safely or unbroken.•    15% can’t find a reliable carrier to ship oversized and bulky items •    12% can’t find an affordable shipping solution.•    11% don’t know where to find alternative shipping options to organizations like UPS and freight brokers. "}
{"id": "doc9887", "text": "Direct-to-consumer (DTC) brands must overcome a familiar foe to thrive with consumers."}
{"id": "doc9888", "text": "According to the 2020 DTC Hype Report from digital commerce platform Scalefast and research firm YouGov, 43% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because of the cheaper and/or free shipping options that are available. Another 36% would choose Amazon because the shipping is faster, while one-third (33%) would choose to shop on Amazon because of Amazon Prime perks like shipping options, auto-fulfillment, and coupons. "}
{"id": "doc9889", "text": "In addition, 30% of respondents would choose Amazon over a DTC because it’s easier to make a purchase, and 28% would select Amazon because it’s easier to make a return. "}
{"id": "doc9890", "text": "When asked to compare DTC brands to traditional retailers, roughly one in five (19%) respondents familiar with DTCs believe that they are more likely to be ahead-of or on-trend, and one in seven (14%) believe that DTC companies are more technologically forward. "}
{"id": "doc9891", "text": "Furthermore, almost 15% of respondents familiar with DTC brands believe that they have a better user experience (12.56%) and higher quality products (13.2%) than traditional retailers. However, almost one in six (15.49%) still believe that it’s riskier to buy from a DTC brand than a traditional retailer. In good news for DTCs, the survey indicates opportunities to attract customers with merchandising, branding, and customer experience: •    38% of respondents familiar with a DTC brand would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was made in the U.S.•    30% of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the product was sustainably made.•    Almost two in 10 (18.24%) of these respondents would be more likely to purchase from a DTC if the company had a cause-oriented mission.•    26% say that stronger payment security and efforts would improve the DTC shopping experience.•    Over two in 10 (21.86%) say that they would like to see same-day delivery options incorporated into the DTC companies they choose to use.•    16% want DTC companies to adopt a seamless experience across devices to improve experience. “Our research showed that while some consumers know of and buy from DTCs, this new retail category is a blurred line in the minds of most consumers,” said Olivier Schott, founder of Scalefast. “If DTC brands want to become the new normal in retail, they need to learn from traditional retail mistakes, decide if Amazon is worth the risk and adapt to a changing customer that is more sensitive to concerns like their payment security to where a product is made than ever before.”"}
{"id": "doc9892", "text": "Scalefast commissioned YouGov Plc to conduct an online poll of a representative sample of 1,352 U.S. adults."}
{"id": "doc9893", "text": "Retail sales rebounded in October, but the gains were fueled mostly by online and grocery. "}
{"id": "doc9894", "text": "Retail sales in October inched up 0.2% over September, according to the National Retail Federation, and were up 4.2% year-over-year. The numbers exclude automobile dealers, gasoline stations and restaurants."}
{"id": "doc9895", "text": "NRF’s numbers are based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which said Friday that overall October sales – including auto dealers, gas stations and restaurants – were up 0.3% from September and up 3.1%% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc9896", "text": "The rise in October sales was due to gains in three sectors: online, grocery and general merchandise stores. Sales were down month-over-month in apparel and accessories; home furnishings; sporting goods; building supplies and garden supply; and electronics and appliances."}
{"id": "doc9897", "text": "October’s results make up for most of the 0.3% month-over-month decline seen in September and build on September’s year-over-year increase of 4.1%. As of October, the three-month moving average was up 4.3% over the same period a year ago, compared with 4.7% in September."}
{"id": "doc9898", "text": "“Despite the gradual slowdown in the U.S. economy, consumers are in a good place and October’s retail sales are a step forward into the all-important holiday season,” said NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz said. “Uncertainty around trade policy has impacted consumer sentiment recently but ongoing job growth, low interest rates, low inflation and the stock market hitting record highs provide support for consumer spending.”"}
{"id": "doc9899", "text": "Specifics from key retail sectors for October month-over-month sales are below."}
{"id": "doc9900", "text": "•    Online and other non-store sales were up 0.9%.•    Grocery and beverage stores were up 0.5%.•    General merchandise stores were up 0.4%.  •    Health and personal care stores were unchanged.•    Clothing and clothing accessory stores were down 1.0%.•    Furniture and home furnishings stores were down 0.9%.•    Sporting goods stores were down 0.8%.•    Building materials and garden supply stores were down 0.5%.•    Electronics and appliance stores down 0.4%."}
{"id": "doc9901", "text": "Independent hardware retailers will have limited-time access to discounted inventory."}
{"id": "doc9902", "text": "Hardlines wholesaler True Value Company is hosting its 2019 Fall Reunion in its headquarters city of Chicago Oct. 3-Oct. 6. The company’s semi-annual buying event runs at McCormick Place and is open to all independent hardware retailers, regardless of affiliation. "}
{"id": "doc9903", "text": "This year’s Fall Reunion theme is “Built for This,” and True Value expects more than 9,000 people, including 4,000 independent retailers and 5,000 vendors from around the world, to attend. The event will feature 500,000-sq.-ft. of discounted products backed with True Value’s “Buy with Confidence” guarantee, which guarantees deal prices despite any government-issued tariffs."}
{"id": "doc9904", "text": "Specific discount events will include:"}
{"id": "doc9905", "text": "•    Bargain Burner: Discounts up to 60% on over 150 items on Thursday, Oct. 3. •    Closeout Corner: Discounts up to 85% on overstock products on Friday, Oct. 4 – Sunday, Oct. 6. •    Destination Deals: Up to 60% off on select vendor items on Saturday, Oct. 5. •    Discount City: Discounts on over 1,200 pallets and counter displays from all departments. •    Assortment City: 23 new “Customized True Blue” categories (89 total) across a 35,000-sq.-ft. area. •    Patio Plaza: Trends and innovations in outdoor furniture and patio items for spring.•    Pro Yard: 300-linear feet of custom pro-focused lumberyard assortments set on five-foot fixtures."}
{"id": "doc9906", "text": "The event will also feature a variety of keynotes, sessions, and receptions."}
{"id": "doc9907", "text": "A recently acknowledged security incident at supermarket retailer Hy-Vee Inc. is reportedly tied to the sale of stolen credit and debit cards."}
{"id": "doc9908", "text": "On Aug. 14, Hy-Vee posted a notice on its corporate website that it is investigating a “security incident” which occurred at some of its fuel pumps, drive-thru coffee shops, and restaurants. Based in Iowa, Hy-Vee operates more than 260 supermarket, drugstore, and convenience store locations across eight states in the Midwest."}
{"id": "doc9909", "text": "These locations, which include Market Grilles, Market Grille Expresses and Wahlburgers locations that Hy-Vee owns and operates, have different POS systems than those used at Hy-Vee grocery stores, drugstores and convenience stores. According to Hy-Vee, the encryption technology used inside its stores protects customer payment card data by making it unreadable."}
{"id": "doc9910", "text": "“Because the investigation is in its earliest stages, we do not have any additional details to provide at this time,” Hy-Vee said in the online statement. “We will provide notification to our customers as we get further clarity about the specific timeframes and locations that may have been involved.”"}
{"id": "doc9911", "text": "However, the security blog KrebsonSecurity is reporting that as of Tuesday, Aug. 20, a popular underground site that sells stolen credit and debit card data placed more than 5.3 million new accounts belonging to cardholders from 35 U.S. states up for sale. Anonymous sources told KrebsonSecurity that the card data is being illegally sold under the code name “Solar Energy” on a stolen card site known as “Joker’s Stash.”"}
{"id": "doc9912", "text": "Aaron Branson, VP at managed network connectivity, security and compliance solutions provider Netsurion, said this incident reveals new methods hackers are using to gain access to consumer payment card data."}
{"id": "doc9913", "text": "“The Hy-Vee data breach is further evidence that hackers targeting credit card data are shifting tactics,” said Branson. “As others have noted, they are moving downstream from big box retailers to smaller, more plentiful, and probably less secure merchants. And with that, they are also changing tactics to be more lucrative and efficient by attacking POS system vendors who serve many such retailers. In the case of Hy-Vee, locations of various types and brands were breached, but they all may have used a specific POS system. To protect against this new approach, POS system vendors and integrators would be wise to embed greater security like endpoint threat detection and response to monitor anomalous activity on these critical systems.”"}
{"id": "doc9914", "text": "Dating apps are not the only reason consumers turn to their phones as Valentine’s Day approaches. "}
{"id": "doc9915", "text": "Data from mobile marketing firm Adjust indicates that globally, mobile sessions and in-app revenue events peaked on Monday, Feb. 3, which the company says suggests the Valentine’s Day shopping season starts earlier than many retailers realize. Compared to the global average, shoppers in the U.S. are big spenders. Data reveals the U.S. bump in holiday-related spending went into full swing on Wednesday, Feb. 5, nine days before Valentine’s Day. This resulted in a 42% increase for in-app revenue events compared to the monthly average."}
{"id": "doc9916", "text": "Based on these results, Adjust recommends marketers start mobile holiday campaigns and efforts at least two weeks before Valentine’s Day, to acquire and engage shoppers on mobile and in-app. "}
{"id": "doc9917", "text": "Adjust data also demonstrates that in-app activity increases by 11% on Valentine’s Day (Feb. 14), compared to the rest of the month of February. In particular, food and drink apps see a 20% increase on Valentine’s Day. "}
{"id": "doc9918", "text": "Consumers are buying Valentine’s Day gifts for a wider range of people than ever before — and that translates into very good news for retailers. "}
{"id": "doc9919", "text": "That’s according to the annual survey by the National Retail Federation and Prosper Insights & Analytics, which found that those celebrating the holiday plan to spend an average $196.31, up 21% over last year’s previous record of $161.96. Spending is expected to total $27.4 billion, up 32% from last. "}
{"id": "doc9920", "text": "The unusually large increase in average spending appears to be due to strong consumer finances and a continued trend of consumers buying gifts for friends, family, co-workers and even pets. The increase in total spending comes as the number of people celebrating Valentine’s Day returned to 55%, about average for the past decade, after a dip to 51% last year."}
{"id": "doc9921", "text": "The biggest share of Valentine’s spending still goes to spouses and significant others at 52% of the total, or an average $101.21 this year, up from $93.24 in 2019. But their share of the spending is down from 61% a decade ago. Meanwhile, the share spent on most other recipients has gone up over the past decade, with the amount spent on co-workers, for example, more than doubling to 7% of the total from 3%. The share for pets has also doubled, to 6%."}
{"id": "doc9922", "text": "Department stores are the most popular Valentine’s Day shopping destination, visited by 36%, with discount stores and online tied at 32%, specialty stores at 19%, florists at 17%, local small business at 15% and clothing stores and jewelry shops tied at 11%."}
{"id": "doc9923", "text": "Shoppers plan to spend $5.8 billion on jewelry (given by 21%), $4.3 billion on an evening out (34%), $2.9 billion on clothing (20%), $2.4 billion on candy (52%), $2.3 billion on flowers (37%), $2 billion on gift cards (19%) and $1.3 billion on greeting cards (43%). Gifts of experience such as tickets to an event or a trip to a spa are wanted are planned by 28%."}
{"id": "doc9924", "text": "Other survey findings are below.• Consumers say they will spend an average $30.19 on family members other than spouses, up slightly from $29.87 last year; $14.69 on friends, up from $9.78; $14.45 on children’s classmates and teachers, up from $8.63; $12.96 on co-workers, up from $7.78; $12.21 on pets, up from $6.94, and $10.60 on others, up from $5.72."}
{"id": "doc9925", "text": "• Twenty-seven percent say they will buy Valentine’s gifts for their pets, the highest figure in the history of the survey and up from 17 percent in 2010 for a total $1.7 billion."}
{"id": "doc9926", "text": "• The youngest Valentine’s shoppers surveyed – those ages 18-24 – plan to spend an average $109.31. But those 25-34 – old enough to have higher incomes and children to buy for – expect to spend $307.51 and are topped out by those 35-44 as the biggest spenders at $358.78. As in each year of the survey, men plan to spend more than women at $291.15 compared with $106.22."}
{"id": "doc9927", "text": "Holiday sales for key general merchandise categories were disappointing despite a strong last-minute push."}
{"id": "doc9928", "text": "That’s according to The NPD Group, which reported that general merchandise sales rose only 0.2% throughout the holiday season 2019 compared to 2018. Although the final holiday shopping week, which included Christmas and Hanukkah, showed robust growth and sales volumes across the apparel, toys, technology, small appliance, athletic footwear and prestige beauty industries,  overall season results were still flat."}
{"id": "doc9929", "text": "“Holiday 2019 was all about cadence, with early promotions moving a fair amount of holiday sales ahead of the traditional shopping period and a surge of sales during the final week’s last-minute rush,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry advisor, The NPD Group. “Additionally, consumers continue to migrate to more ‘intangible’ gifting, putting more emphasis on experiences than things and focusing more on how they live than how they look this holiday.”"}
{"id": "doc9930", "text": "Weekly performance varied by category during most of the traditional holiday shopping season, spanning the eight weeks between November 3 and December 28, 2019. Technology and small appliances won the season with the largest dollar sales gains, while apparel and toys experienced the largest sales declines compared to holiday 2018."}
{"id": "doc9931", "text": "The season’s lackluster results came in spite of the consumer’s willingness to spend, NPD noted. Declines were greater in units than dollars indicating consumers gave higher-priced gifts this holiday, even amidst extensive promotions and deep discounting across retail."}
{"id": "doc9932", "text": "“There were some clear winners during Holiday 2019, and strong execution of an omnichannel strategy proved critical for stores to stay in the game during a season where e-commerce drove the growth,” added Cohen. “Lessons learned from this unique season around the integration of digital and in-store traffic, and where the consumer focus really is, will be critical to retail success in 2020.”"}
{"id": "doc9933", "text": "Online purchases have dramatically increased during key periods of the 2019 holiday season."}
{"id": "doc9934", "text": "According to a study from website analytics solution Oribi, shoppers purchased 340% more on Black Friday, Nov. 29 and 510% more on Cyber Monday, Dec. 2 when compared to an average retail day. The number of purchases made in the week leading up to Black Friday (Nov. 23-28) doubled when compared to an average shopping week. In addition, purchases made between Black Friday and Cyber Monday also doubled."}
{"id": "doc9935", "text": "The study, which analyzed over 17.5 million online consumers across 512 e-commerce websites from Nov. 1- Dec. 2, 2019, discovered that overall, online sales increased more than two times (2.3x) from Nov. 23 – Dec. 1, not including Black Friday."}
{"id": "doc9936", "text": "According to Oribi’s data, 42% of online consumers who continue to checkout will complete their purchase during an average day’s sales funnel. On Black Friday, only 31% ended up buying. On Cyber Monday, the checkout rate was much closer to the average funnel (38%). For an average retail day, Oribi’s analysis found the purchase conversion rate to be 1.3%. On Black Friday, the conversion rate jumped to 2%. On Cyber Monday, the study revealed that 2.6% of online shoppers converted. Examining global holiday shopping trends, Oribi’s study found that purchase rates in Europe dropped by 20% in the week prior to Black Friday, when compared to an average shopping week in Europe. Oribi analysis suggests that widespread “Green Friday” protests across Europe targeting the environmental impact of Black Friday may have cut into online shopping rates. For the Asian market, Oribi’s study found Black Friday to be much bigger than Cyber Monday. The analysis showed that e-commerce sites in Asia saw 7.5 more purchases on Black Friday, compared to sales on Cyber Monday. "}
{"id": "doc9937", "text": "“Our analysis showed that purchase rates slightly dropped in the middle of November, indicating to us that consumers prefer to wait a week to get a better deal,” said Iris Shoor, co-Founder and CEO of Oribi. “In fact, our analysis revealed that online stores with an average product price of over $500 saw their highest sales peaks, for the year, on Black Friday and Cyber Monday, underscoring that consumers wait for the discounts that come with these two retail holidays to make more expensive purchases.” "}
{"id": "doc9938", "text": "A mobile rewards and payments platform seeks to motivate pre-spring shopping."}
{"id": "doc9939", "text": "Ibotta is running a promotion called “Spring Forward, Cash Back,” a new national shopping holiday, the week of March 2-6, 2020. In conjunction with major national retailers including Macys, QVC, and Carter’s, Spring Forward, Cash Back gives shoppers as much as 20% cash back on their everyday purchases. "}
{"id": "doc9940", "text": "As part of the promotion, Ibotta is encouraging customers to make purchases related to New Year’s resolutions they may be neglecting, including saving money and sticking to a budget. “We’re always thinking of new ways to help our savers and this marks a major step for those looking to get back on track,” said Bryan Leach, founder and CEO of Ibotta. “Spring Forward, Cash Back makes it easy for consumers to not just recommit to their resolutions, but stay committed to a full year of financial fitness.” Top retailers participating in Spring Forward, Cash Back include:"}
{"id": "doc9941", "text": "●      QVC – 10% cash back●      Adidas - 12% cash back●      AT&T Mobility - $50 cash back●      Backcountry - 16% cash back●      bareMinerals - 9% cash back●      The Body Shop - 18% cash back●      Carter’s - 7.5% cash back●      Casper - 13% cash back●      Every Plate - $23 cash back●      Fossil - 15% cash back●      Gap - 10% cash back●      Home Depot - 3% cash back●      HSN - 10% cash back●      J.C. Penney - 7% cash back●      Macy’s.com - 12% cash back●      OshKosh - 7.5% cash back●      Viator - 12% cash back●      Warby Parker - 20% cash back"}
{"id": "doc9942", "text": "Ibotta also analyzed thousands of receipts for the promotion and discovered the following notable consumer spending trends:"}
{"id": "doc9943", "text": "•    Hawaii, North Dakota and Maine are the states spending the most money so far in 2020, averaging $60 per shopping trip in January."}
{"id": "doc9944", "text": "•    Nationwide, consumer spending on healthier groceries rose by more than 70% from December 2018 to January 2019, with consumers choosing salad greens (50% increase), berries and yogurt (60% increase) and avocados (77% increase) over chocolate, sugar and butter (15% decrease)."}
{"id": "doc9945", "text": "Initial online holiday shopping trends show impressive growth from 2018."}
{"id": "doc9946", "text": "According to data from Adobe Analytics, $19.7 billion has been spent during the holiday season so far, representing a 17.5% increase from the same period in 2018. According to Adobe Analytics, Veteran’s Day benefited from being on a Monday this year, with consumers spending $2.7 billion, a 38% increase year-over-year when compared to the Monday of Veteran’s Day weekend 2018. "}
{"id": "doc9947", "text": "More than one-third (34.5%) of all e-commerce holiday sales have been made on a smartphone, up 15% year-over-year. Season-to-date BOPIS spending has also seen strong growth, generating 26% more in sales than the previous year."}
{"id": "doc9948", "text": "The data also shows consumers are seeing strong discounts as retailers push for early deals this season to try to offset the shorter period between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Based on promising early-season performance, Adobe is reaffirming its full-season forecast of $143.7 billion spent online from November – December 2019, representing 14% growth from the prior-year period."}
{"id": "doc9949", "text": "Additional holiday insights include:•    Every day has surpassed $1 billion so far this season, and two days have surpassed $2 billion, with the day before Veteran’s Day being a surprise."}
{"id": "doc9950", "text": "•    Larger online retailers saw an 82.2% boost in revenue over an average day, while smaller online retailers only saw a 40.7% lift. "}
{"id": "doc9951", "text": "•    The “Cash Back Day” Nov. 7 online sales holiday invented by RetailMeNot surpassing Adobe’s prediction for the day by 11%, falling just a few million short of $2 billion in sales. “Holiday shopping has begun in earnest with consumers pouring onto retailers’ websites to find the early deals of the season,” said Taylor Schreiner, principal analyst, Adobe Digital Insights. “All signs point to strong sales growth this year, with consumers buying almost 50% more than last year just through their phones. And this may be one of the best years for consumers to date as promotional price discounts are much deeper than they were at this time last year – TV prices alone are down nearly 15% from October.” "}
{"id": "doc9952", "text": "Adobe’s holiday data reports are based on the analysis of over 1 trillion visits to retail sites and 55 million SKUs. Adobe Analytics measures transactions from 80 of the top 100 U.S. online retailers."}
{"id": "doc9953", "text": "Amazon is one of the first retailers out of the gate to report a happy holiday. "}
{"id": "doc9954", "text": "As always, the e-commerce giant provided no specifics on numbers of shoppers, items ordered or money spent — although it did provide some insight into grocery sales.  It described the holiday season as “record-breaking,” with “billions of items” ordered worldwide and “tens of millions” of Amazon Devices purchased worldwide. "}
{"id": "doc9955", "text": "Amazon reported that more people tried Prime this holiday season than any previous year, with more than 5 million new customers starting Prime free trials or beginning paid memberships worldwide in just one week alone. It said that the number of Prime members who tried grocery delivery for the first time this holiday season increased by more than 80%, and that Prime members ordered more than double the number of grocery items this holiday season compared to last year."}
{"id": "doc9956", "text": "Here are some other holiday highlights from Amazon:"}
{"id": "doc9957", "text": "• Amazon added more than 250,000 full and part-time seasonal roles across its global customer fulfillment network this holiday season, with the company now employing 750,000 employees worldwide."}
{"id": "doc9958", "text": "•    Sixty percent more customers shipped their holiday order to an Amazon pickup point this season compared to last year."}
{"id": "doc9959", "text": "•    The top 10 cities that used an Amazon Locker or Amazon Counter location this holiday were Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Seattle, Portland, San Jose, Berkeley (Calif.), Austin and Columbus."}
{"id": "doc9960", "text": "•    The last delivery with Amazon’s ultra-fast delivery arrived on Christmas Eve at 11:59 p.m. (PT) in Seattle. "}
{"id": "doc9961", "text": "• Toys, fashion, home and beauty items were popular departments to shop with more than half a billion total items ordered in Amazon’s Stores."}
{"id": "doc9962", "text": "• It was a record-breaking holiday season for independent third-party sellers – mostly small and medium-sized businesses – with worldwide unit sales seeing double-digit year-over-year growth, surpassing a billion items sold in Amazon’s Stores."}
{"id": "doc9963", "text": "Kronos is releasing a new intelligent time clock and upgrading its workforce management solutions suite."}
{"id": "doc9964", "text": "At the 2019 KronosWorks conference being held in Las Vegas Nov. 10-13, workforce management technology provider Kronos unveiled InTouch DX, a time clock offering employees increased ease of use and personalization. Kronos also announced some retail-specific enhancements to its Workforce Dimensions platform. Following are highlights of each solution:"}
{"id": "doc9965", "text": "Kronos InTouch DXInTouch DX combines consumer-grade personalization and enterprise-level intelligence. SmartLanding, a personal welcome screen, alerts users to unread messages, time-off approvals or requests, shift swap and schedule updates, and other critical notifications. An individual mode displays personalized tiles curated by each user to provide one-click access to their most frequent self-service tasks, such as viewing their schedule."}
{"id": "doc9966", "text": "In addition, the My Time feature combines the timecard and weekly schedule to provide employees a quick, at-a-glance view to accurately compare punches to scheduled hours to verify timecard accuracy and minimize exceptions. Other features include multi-language support and biometric authentication."}
{"id": "doc9967", "text": "InTouch DX  is now available with the Workforce Dimensions solution and will be available with the Kronos Workforce Ready and Workforce Central solutions in 2020.  "}
{"id": "doc9968", "text": "Workforce DimensionsRetail-specific updates to Kronos Workforce Dimensions include intelligent forecasting based on the AIMEE artificial intelligence (AI) solution. This enables retailers to analyze daily trends, predict volume and scheduling needs, and fine-tune labor forecasts over time to deliver stable and predictable schedules that automatically match associate skills to customer volume and seasonal demand, within budget target limits."}
{"id": "doc9969", "text": "Other enhancements and new features include AI-based recommendations for flexible employee scheduling, actionable mobile push notifications for tasks such as accepting a coverage request or approving a time-off or shift-swap request, embedded labor trend data in user dashboards, auto-resolve features to help employees directly fix timecard mistakes, and currency conversions for global organizations to pay employees and for regional managers to view and analyze reports in their preferred currency. "}
{"id": "doc9970", "text": "“The latest product innovations and enhancements in Workforce Dimensions demonstrates that Kronos is on a clear mission to enrich the employee experience while driving much better business outcomes, industry by industry,” said Steve Goldberg, VP and research director, HCM principal analyst, Ventana Research. “With intelligent, job-specific features and capabilities that users will see major value in, Kronos is doing its part to usher in the future of work.”"}
{"id": "doc9971", "text": "Many third-party Amazon sellers of grocery and CPG products are reportedly shipping expired goods."}
{"id": "doc9972", "text": "According to CNBC, a recent analysis it had performed on the 100 best-selling food items on the Amazon Marketplace third-party e-commerce platform revealed 40% of the sellers have received at least five customer complaints related to selling products past their expiration date. In one specific example, the analysis found third-party sellers who currently have Starbucks Teavana products that were discontinued in 2017 for sale on Amazon Marketplace."}
{"id": "doc9973", "text": "While Amazon requires third-party sellers to provide an expiration date at least 90 days away for any consumable product sold on its Marketplace platform, effectively tracking millions of grocery and CPG goods for freshness may be difficult. An Amazon representative said that it monitors customer feedback with both human employees and artificial intelligence technology, and that Amazon took action on all expired items CNBC brought to its attention."}
{"id": "doc9974", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc9975", "text": "A Midwest discount chain is tapping into the burgeoning gig economy."}
{"id": "doc9976", "text": "As part of a larger effort to drive store-level efficiency, Meijer plans to utilize the Hyer platform/app across its 246-store footprint and its Serv-U-Success store merchandising services operation. Meijer will leverage Hyer to connect gig workers with identified tasks on demand."}
{"id": "doc9977", "text": "Meijer intends to support its workforce needs in real-time with Hyer capabilities, helping ensure it can meet consumer demand. The Hyer platform is designed to provide companies and gig workers with a unified way to locate, engage and manage independent work."}
{"id": "doc9978", "text": "Since it began working with Hyer, Meijer says it has been able to better manage the volatility of demand by having the right number of resources that match their needs. The retailer also cites a fast user experience that streamlines overall store-level resource management, saving time and increasing efficiency while improving the customer experience. "}
{"id": "doc9979", "text": "Customer experience is always top of mind at Meijer, because as Fred Meijer once said, our customers dont need us, we need them, said Mike Graham, senior VP of supply chain & manufacturing at Meijer. There are many responsibilities at the store level that can be fulfilled quickly and easily by individuals looking for flexible work arrangements. Hyer allows us to secure labor on demand through a large, independent workforce that is ready and qualified."}
{"id": "doc9980", "text": "Meijer is a Grand Rapids, Mich. based retailer that operates supercenters and grocery stores throughout Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Wisconsin."}
{"id": "doc9981", "text": "Amazon is reportedly purchasing a digital health startup to help provide Amazon Care services."}
{"id": "doc9982", "text": "According to CNBC, the e-tail titan has purchased Chicago-based Health Navigator for an undisclosed sum. Health Navigator provides tools that enable telemedicine providers to remotely diagnose symptoms and perform triage to help determine whether patients should see a doctor, go directly to a hospital, or stay home. "}
{"id": "doc9983", "text": "Neither Amazon nor Health Navigator has publicly confirmed the acquisition, but Amazon acknowledged the purchase to CNBC. Health Navigator will presumably be folded into Amazon Care, an employee health program the retailer quietly launched in September 2019. Currently being piloted for eligible Amazon workers and their families in Seattle, Amazon Care is designed to be a “first stop” healthcare provider for urgent issues such as colds, allergies, infections, and minor injuries. Amazon Care can also provide preventative heath consults, vaccines and lab work; sexual health services; and answers to general family health questions."}
{"id": "doc9984", "text": "To read the full article, click here."}
{"id": "doc9985", "text": "Amazon’s new health care initiative reportedly seeks a cure for a highly contagious virus that is not COVID-19."}
{"id": "doc9986", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon is the latest entity to pursue a cure for the virus which causes the common cold. The e-tailer is said to have more than 100 people, including scientists and technologists, attempting to develop an effective vaccine and/or treatment within the Amazon Web Services Grand Challenge research division."}
{"id": "doc9987", "text": "The project is reportedly nicknamed “Project Gesundheit.” Amazon has never formally admitted to the existence of Grand Challenge, which works on solving major issues affecting humanity, including health care. "}
{"id": "doc9988", "text": "Amazon has been making a wide variety of inroads into health care in the past year These include the PillPack pharmaceutical delivery service, as well as its Amazon Care virtual health service currently available to employees at the e-tailer’s Seattle headquarters."}
{"id": "doc9989", "text": "Meanwhile, top competitor Walmart is piloting a stand-alone Walmart Health healthcare center format, and is reportedly negotiating with Verizon to provide 5G networking services that would support in-store health hubs at all of the discounter’s U.S. stores."}
{"id": "doc9990", "text": "Amazon is reportedly moving forward with palm-scanning technology designed to enable automatic in-store payment."}
{"id": "doc9991", "text": "According to CNBC, Amazon and Visa are currently testing checkout terminals that would allow customers to “scan and go” at a physical store by identifying their hands. The biometric identification system would identify people by characteristics associated with the palms of their hands, including wrinkles and veins. Purchases would automatically be billed to a linked customer account."}
{"id": "doc9992", "text": "Amazon initially filed for a patent for the technology at the end of 2019. However, following up on reports initially published in the Wall Street Journal, CNBC said that in addition to testing the system with Visa, Amazon is also discussing the project with financial services companies including Mastercard, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Synchrony Financial."}
{"id": "doc9993", "text": "Amazon would also reportedly store data from the terminals and use it to analyze consumer spending habits. The retailer declined to comment."}
{"id": "doc9994", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc9995", "text": "Neiman Marcus is diving deeper into beauty wellness."}
{"id": "doc9996", "text": "The luxury retailer’s new “Clean Beauty” online shop is focused on its new assortment of natural beauty products that are free of paraben, paraffin, phthalate, sulfate, silicone, and animal testing. Products that are free of all these factors will be identified on the website by a clean circular icon. In stores, beauty products that meet these clean standards will be marked with the same clean icon on beauty counters."}
{"id": "doc9997", "text": "Neiman Marcus Clean Beauty products are comprised of skincare, haircare, nailcare, and color cosmetics. This new collection is part of a larger brand wellness initiative designed to meet individual mind body care preferences. Customers can shop activewear, sun care, beauty, health supplements and sleep collections through Neiman Marcus online Wellness Guide."}
{"id": "doc9998", "text": "It was important for us to launch this initiative and specifically call out these products so our customers can easily make an educated decision, said Michelle Gill, divisional merchandise manager, beauty, Neiman Marcus. We have so many amazing products, both a part of our existing assortments and new to Neiman Marcus, that are free of these ingredients. We want customers to know they dont need to sacrifice quality in order to get clean products."}
{"id": "doc9999", "text": "Neiman Marcus is launching this initiative just in time for what may prove to be a more environmentally and socially conscious holiday shopping season. According to the 13th Annual Holiday Shopping Survey from Accenture, 45% of shoppers said they are more likely to do their holiday shopping with retailers that address wider social issues through their business practices and working conditions."}
{"id": "doc10000", "text": "Neiman Marcus Group is going it alone — at least, for now."}
{"id": "doc10001", "text": "Three retailers and one restaurant chain are tops when it comes to delivering customer service."}
{"id": "doc10002", "text": "Neiman Marcus came in second in a ranking by Newsweek Media as one of Americas Best Customer Service Brands (Disney Cruise Line was No.1). The other retail brands that cracked the top 10 were Chick-fil-A (No. 5), L.V. Bean (No.6) and Publix (No. 9). A full list of the top 10 is at end of article."}
{"id": "doc10003", "text": "The Newsweek ranking was based on an independent survey of more than 20,000 U.S. customers conducted by global market research firm Statista, which ranked retailers and service providers in 160 categories overall. "}
{"id": "doc10004", "text": "In addition to ranking the brands overall, the Newsweek survey also listed the top brands in 160 different consumer categories (to see the entire list on Newsweek.com click here). "}
{"id": "doc10005", "text": "Here is a look at some of the top brick-and mortar brands by category:"}
{"id": "doc10006", "text": "Here are the top 10 brands overall:"}
{"id": "doc10007", "text": "1"}
{"id": "doc10008", "text": "Disney Cruise Line"}
{"id": "doc10009", "text": "2"}
{"id": "doc10010", "text": "Neiman Marcus"}
{"id": "doc10011", "text": "3"}
{"id": "doc10012", "text": "The Ritz-Carlton"}
{"id": "doc10013", "text": "4"}
{"id": "doc10014", "text": "Edward Jones"}
{"id": "doc10015", "text": "5"}
{"id": "doc10016", "text": "Chick-fil-A"}
{"id": "doc10017", "text": "6"}
{"id": "doc10018", "text": "L.L.Bean"}
{"id": "doc10019", "text": "7"}
{"id": "doc10020", "text": "National Storage Affiliates"}
{"id": "doc10021", "text": "8"}
{"id": "doc10022", "text": "Embassy Suites"}
{"id": "doc10023", "text": "9"}
{"id": "doc10024", "text": "Publix"}
{"id": "doc10025", "text": "10"}
{"id": "doc10026", "text": "Beau Coup"}
{"id": "doc10027", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10028", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10029", "text": "Retailers should not overlook brick-and-mortar this holiday season."}
{"id": "doc10030", "text": "According to “Evolving the Customer Experience,” a survey of holiday shoppers from marketing solution provider Resulticks, close to three-quarters (74%) of respondents say they still shop in physical stores as much or more than they did in 2018. Interestingly, nearly one in three (30%) cite enjoyment as a top reason to browse physical stores. "}
{"id": "doc10031", "text": "However, 60% of respondents say they check prices online while shopping in-store to confirm they are getting the best price. Over half (51%) of respondents would ask the store to price-match a better deal online, and nearly three-quarters (74%) would buy something online if the price was lower than in-store. "}
{"id": "doc10032", "text": "In terms of retail shopping experiences, results indicate consumers seek both convenience and personalization. Over half (55%) of respondents state they prefer to try on clothing or see the quality and features in person, and more than half (51%) prefer to avoid shipping costs and delivery times by taking items home immediately. "}
{"id": "doc10033", "text": "Additionally, push notifications drive 43% of respondents to shop in-store and over half (54%) of this years holiday shoppers report they shop with retailers who accurately suggest products or provide relevant service recommendations tailored to their needs. "}
{"id": "doc10034", "text": "As consumer holiday shopping behaviors continue to shift, retailers and brands must be equipped to provide the seamless omnichannel experience that consumers desire, said Redickaa Subrammanian, co-founder and CEO of Resulticks. The results of our study show that consumers want to be understood; if a brand can ensure the path to purchase is enjoyable, seamless and personalized, it can certainly have a positive impact on the retailers bottom line."}
{"id": "doc10035", "text": "The survey was of 1,001 U.S. consumers."}
{"id": "doc10036", "text": "Baby boomers are much less likely than younger consumers to participate in a particular omnichannel grocery activity."}
{"id": "doc10037", "text": "According to a recent survey of 1,000 U.S. consumers from advertising platform Criteo, 48% of millennial and Gen Z respondents use online grocery delivery services, compared to 37% of Gen X respondents and only 30% of baby boomer respondents. "}
{"id": "doc10038", "text": "Different generations of consumers also have very different reasons for browsing different grocery websites. Overall, 19% browse multiple sites for a better selection, 11% for more product information, 5% to compare shipping options, 7% for product reviews, 29% due to unavailable products, and 28% for none of these reasons."}
{"id": "doc10039", "text": "However, 23% of Gen Z and millennials browse multiple sites for a better selection, compared to 20% of Gen X and only 10% of baby boomer/silent generation. Wanting more product information also skews young – 18% of Gen Z/millennial compared to 7% of Gen X and 6% of baby boomers/silent. Eight percent of Gen Z millennial want to compare shipping options, but only 3% of Gen X and 2% of baby boomers/silent. "}
{"id": "doc10040", "text": "Results for browsing multiple sites to read product reviews are essentially the same across generations. But Gen X consumers are much more likely to browse multiple sites if a product they want is unavailable (37%) than Gen Z/millennial (28%) or baby boomer/silent generation consumers (22%). And more than half (51%) of baby boomer/silent generation consumers will browse multiple sites for none of these reasons, compared to 27% of Gen X and 15% of Gen Z/millennial consumers."}
{"id": "doc10041", "text": "In another interesting finding, Criteo found that while mobile devices only account for 26% of all digital U.S. CPG sales, beauty (37%) and healthcare (31%) products significantly over-represent for mobile share of digital CPG sales."}
{"id": "doc10042", "text": "Walmart is expanding its in-house advertising offering with a new partner network and enhanced capabilities. "}
{"id": "doc10043", "text": "The nation’s largest discounter is stepping up its Walmart Media Group omnichannel ad targeting and measurement business with the launch of the Walmart Advertising Partners program. The program establishes a new ecosystem designed to bolster advertisers’ ability to deliver targeted, sponsored advertising to Walmart shoppers via partnerships with digital ad platforms Flywheel Digital, Kenshoo, Pacvue, and Teikametrics."}
{"id": "doc10044", "text": "“With these key partnerships, today we grow our search offering to meet the needs of advertisers, allowing the most advanced search marketers the ability to leverage the power of Walmart through their partner of choice,” said Lex Josephs, VP of sales and media partnerships, Walmart Media Group."}
{"id": "doc10045", "text": "In addition, Walmart Advertising Partners is designed to expand advertisers’ direct access to their Sponsored Products campaigns. These campaigns feature pay-per-click ads which drive traffic to select items by ensuring they appear on the first page of search results and category and item pages. The new program will also feature a bidded auction-based ad marketplace, which Walmart says will increase transparency and control for participating advertisers."}
{"id": "doc10046", "text": "In April 2019, Walmart acquired the technology and assets of Silicon Valley-based startup Polymorph Labs, anticipating that Polymorph’s technology, which includes a high-speed ad server, a self-serve interface and server-side header bidding, would make advertising easier for its partner brands while delivering more relevant digital ads to consumers."}
{"id": "doc10047", "text": "Even before acquiring Polymorph and now launching Walmart Media Group, Walmart was already promoting itself as having the ability to measure omnichannel advertising effectiveness – such as if a customer views an ad on the Walmart website and then buys it in a Walmart store – at an unparalleled scale. The discount giant is building its Walmart Advertising Partners ecosystem to compete in a retail digital advertising marketplace currently dominated by three well-positioned players – Google, Facebook/Instagram, and Amazon."}
{"id": "doc10048", "text": "Chain Store Age will have more coverage of the Walmart Advertising Partners launch the week of Jan. 6."}
{"id": "doc10049", "text": "Etsy is reducing the cost and risk to sellers of placing ads on platforms like Google and Facebook."}
{"id": "doc10050", "text": "The handmade and vintage goods e-commerce retailer is introducing Offsite Ads, a new service where Etsy will use its own budget to advertise sellers’ items on sites like Google, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and Bing. Sellers won’t pay for advertising unless they make a sale, giving them access to third-party digital platforms without any upfront costs. "}
{"id": "doc10051", "text": "Instead, Etsy will employ a success-based model. When an Etsy-funded ad leads to a sale, the featured seller will pay an advertising fee ranging from 12%-15% of the order value, capped at $100 per order, depending on the volume of sales they have made on Etsy.  "}
{"id": "doc10052", "text": "In addition, Etsy will now only dedicate sellers’ Etsy Ads budgets, which previously went to both onsite and Google Shopping ads, toward promoting their listings on Etsy. The retailer intends this change to allow sellers to better control how they promote their goods directly on our platform. Etsy introduced the Etsy Ads program in 2019 to combine on-site Promoted Listings and offsite Google Shopping advertising products into one service."}
{"id": "doc10053", "text": "“We know that 80% of our sellers want to grow their businesses and digital ads are a cost-efficient, effective way for them to drive more visits and traffic to their listings,” said Ryan Scott, chief marketing officer of Etsy. “Now, we’re further evolving our offering to continue to empower sellers to drive traffic to their shops while also mitigating the risk that can be associated with online advertising.”"}
{"id": "doc10054", "text": "Wayfair is looking to better scale its operations by moving to the cloud."}
{"id": "doc10055", "text": "The digitally native home furnishings giant is using Google Cloud as the foundation to support its migration to a hybrid cloud strategy. Wayfair debuted its hybrid cloud strategy in April 2019 to support the retailer’s 36-hour annual “Way Day” online sales event. "}
{"id": "doc10056", "text": "Partnering with Google Cloud, the retailer was able to handle the burst capacity needed to successfully run Way Day, which featured spikes of more than 300% in revenue, orders and unique customers than the previous 28 days averaged."}
{"id": "doc10057", "text": "Wayfair now uses several different Google Cloud solutions, including compute, storage, and networking, data and analytics, and G Suite productivity tools, to support tasks including managing the availability, latency, performance and capacity of the companys systems during peak periods such as Black Friday and Cyber Monday."}
{"id": "doc10058", "text": "The retailer also leverages Google Cloud to augment its in-house data analytics operations, Wayfair analysts can continue to identify trends and patterns at a large scale, while making real-time decisions in areas such as merchandising, personalized customer experiences, and marketing and promotion campaigns."}
{"id": "doc10059", "text": "In addition, employees are using G Suite, including Gmail, docs, calendar and meet functions, to instantly connect with co-workers, collaborate, and improve information-sharing across the organization. "}
{"id": "doc10060", "text": "As an e-commerce leader, Wayfair has always been committed to improving the shopping experience with cutting-edge technologies, and thats why we partnered with an innovator in the retail technology space like Google Cloud, said Steve Crusenberry, VP, infrastructure and platform engineering, Wayfair. Google won us over with the speed, reliability and performance of their technology, but more importantly, their teams willingness to work side-by-side with us at every level to solve our trickiest scaling challenges."}
{"id": "doc10061", "text": "It is interesting to note that Wayfair did not select Amazon Web Services (AWS), considering that parent company Amazon is the home furnishings retailer’s number one competitor. While Google Cloud is also a leading cloud platform provider with a strong track record in retail, competitive issues may have played in a role in its cloud computing decisions."}
{"id": "doc10062", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets continues to expand its reach."}
{"id": "doc10063", "text": "The family-owned grocer will enter it seventh state — North Carolina— on September 29, with the opening of a 104,000-sq.-ft. supermarket at the Midtown East Shopping Center in Raleigh. It will be Wegmans 100th store. (The company has plans for five additional stores in the Raleigh-Durham area.)"}
{"id": "doc10064", "text": "On Oct. 27, Wegmans will open its first store in New York City, a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn. The site is the former home of the Brooklyn Navy Yard."}
{"id": "doc10065", "text": "Currently, Wegmans operates 99 stores across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. "}
{"id": "doc10066", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets is giving Manhattan customers seamless access to products in its Brooklyn, N.Y., store."}
{"id": "doc10067", "text": "The grocery retailer, which opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. store in Brooklyn in October 2019, is expanding the range of online delivery for the location in partnership with Instacart. Customers located in Manhattan can visit the Wegmans site or app to confirm they are within the delivery area and start shopping. With the expanded radius, delivery from the Brooklyn store is now available to all Manhattan ZIP codes. "}
{"id": "doc10068", "text": "To accommodate the longer drive times, delivery to Manhattan addresses often requires longer delivery windows, ranging between two and five hours. Customers can also shop Wegmans’ Brooklyn store on the Instacart site or app. Wegmans delivery starts at $3.99, or free for Instacart Express members, on orders of $35 or more. For delivery, Wegmans adds a price increase to items ordered to cover the cost of Instacart shopping services."}
{"id": "doc10069", "text": "“Expanding delivery into Manhattan has been on our radar since opening our Brooklyn store,” said Erica Tickle, director of e-commerce for Wegmans. “We’ve heard from customers this would make life easier for them, and with major investments in e-commerce like our new website and app, the timing couldn’t be better to make ordering favorite Wegmans brand products and fresh foods available for delivery to Manhattan.”"}
{"id": "doc10070", "text": "“By expanding our partnership to enable delivery from the Wegmans Brooklyn location into Manhattan, we’re giving New Yorkers a convenient, new way to get the groceries and household essentials they need from the grocer they love,” said Andrew Nodes, VP of retail at Instacart. “The Brooklyn store opening was a big moment for New Yorkers, especially to those who have been shopping at Wegmans outside of the city for generations.”"}
{"id": "doc10071", "text": "Partnering with Instacart, Wegmans offers online delivery across its 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc10072", "text": "Wegmans Food Markets has opened its first-ever location in New York City."}
{"id": "doc10073", "text": "The Rochester, N.Y.-based, family-owned grocer with a dedicated following opened a 74,000-sq.-ft. location in the Admirals Row development of Brooklyn – formerly the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The store has a European open-air market look and feel and features nearly 50,000 items, more than 2,000 of which are organic. A total of about 540 employees were hired for the site."}
{"id": "doc10074", "text": "The extensive food service are prepared by a culinary staff of 157 and include everything from fresh sushi, authentic Italian pizza, and  burgers, to made-to-order salads and hot soup. The food bars are mix and match, with hot and cold self-serve stations featuring entrees and sides, international cuisine, homestyle and vegetarian options – all available for takeout or in-store dining. "}
{"id": "doc10075", "text": "The space includes a second-floor mezzanine with a café serving food. The café has space for nearly 100 and includes a bar serving wine, beer, cocktails and snacks."}
{"id": "doc10076", "text": "Brooklyn is Wegmans’  47th location in New York State, with another one upcoming in Westchester County, in the town of Harrison. The company operates a total of 101 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and North Carolina."}
{"id": "doc10077", "text": "Wayfair Inc. is unveiling Hykkon, a curated collection of home furnishings for the European market."}
{"id": "doc10078", "text": "Hykkon is the first flagship brand for Wayfair’s European business and is launching across the online furnishing giant’s U.K. and German e-commerce sites. The new collection offers a curated assortment designed to be sophisticated and playful, with modern, minimalist and unexpected elements. The brand features a retro-inspired color palette and aesthetic across a wide range of furniture and decor that can be mixed and matched together or with existing pieces according to customer preference."}
{"id": "doc10079", "text": "Hykkon is supported by Wayfair’s seamless shopping experience and delivery network. Customers browsing Hykkon will have access to Wayfair’s merchandising that combines unique product imagery, precise dimensions and descriptions, and customer reviews. The collection includes more than 700 products for the living room, dining room, and bedroom as well as decor, textiles and lighting. "}
{"id": "doc10080", "text": "“We’re thrilled to launch our first flagship brand across Wayfair Europe, which gives our customers premium access to an in-demand, modern assortment at an affordable price point,” said Martin Reiter, head of Europe, Wayfair. “Curated, personal design does not have to be expensive or hard to find. The launch of a style-focused brand like Hykkon is another step forward in our mission to deliver an unparalleled customer experience in shopping for home.”"}
{"id": "doc10081", "text": "Headquartered in Boston and with offices in Berlin, London, and Galway, Wayfair operates in the U.S., U.K., Germany, and Canada."}
{"id": "doc10082", "text": "An on-demand delivery platform and a Southeastern grocery powerhouse are seamlessly offering specialty deli items."}
{"id": "doc10083", "text": "Instacart is partnering with Publix Super Markets to test Instacart Meals, a new solution for online ordering, delivery and pickup of made-to-order food. The launch marks Instacarts move into grocery meal delivery."}
{"id": "doc10084", "text": "As a first step before wider rollout of Instacart Meals, Instacart has collaborated with Publix to introduce the service with a new digital deli counter offering a “build your own sub” feature. Instacart Meals will roll out to Publix locations across Florida in the coming weeks and to nearly all Publix stores across the Southeast in the months ahead, following a Florida pilot."}
{"id": "doc10085", "text": "The new service plugs directly into Publix’s ordering system, enabling store employees to receive orders through its existing infrastructure. Instacart shoppers can then visit the counter and pick up items. When customers add a made-to-order meal to their cart, Instacart Meals automatically offers all applicable combo options and discounts, enabling customers to obtain any deals and savings available in-store. "}
{"id": "doc10086", "text": "“Made-to-order food counters are among the fastest growing aisles in the grocery store — these items represent up to 15% of sales for our grocery partners and have among the highest margins of anything sold in-store,” said Nilam Ganenthiran, president, Instacart. Its critical that our grocery partners are able to capture these sales online with delivery and pickup — its a boost to their business and a key part of the shopping experience for customers."}
{"id": "doc10087", "text": "At Publix, were always looking for ways to ensure our customers have the best experience possible, both in our stores and online,” said Maria Brous, Publix director of communications. “With Instacart, its easier than ever for our customers to get prepared subs fast — the way they want — delivered along with their grocery essentials.”"}
{"id": "doc10088", "text": "Instacart Meals comes on the heels of Instacart expanding its alcohol delivery offering with retail partners such as Sam’s Club."}
{"id": "doc10089", "text": "Instacart has partnered with more than 350 national, regional and local retailers to deliver from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in North America. Publix operates more than 1,200 stores in Alabama, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia."}
{"id": "doc10090", "text": "Instacart shoppers can now check out purchases without leaving the app, while customers worried about coronavirus have a new option."}
{"id": "doc10091", "text": "The shoppers who fulfill Instacart customer orders at brick-and-mortar grocery stores are being provided “tap and pay” capability directly from the Instacart app. In partnership with card issuing platform Marqeta, Instacart is enabling shoppers in select regions to perform mobile checkout where accepted using Google Pay or Apple Pay. The company plans to make mobile checkout available to all shoppers in the coming months."}
{"id": "doc10092", "text": "As a result, new shoppers can sign up and begin shopping in less than a day with Instacart mobile checkout. Instead of waiting for their physical Instacart payment card to arrive in the mail, shoppers can sign up for Instacart and start shopping via mobile checkout the moment their background check is cleared. The service operates using secure NFC technology through the Apple Pay and Google Pay platforms, with tokenization keeping payment information secure."}
{"id": "doc10093", "text": "We know that for many shoppers, convenience is key, said Kevin Henrikson, Vice president of shopper engineering at Instacart. Weve heard from shoppers that they would like an easier way to pay with their phone, instead of relying on a physical payment card that can get lost or buried in their wallet. Mobile checkout helps us address this feedback and improve the overall shopper experience. For new shoppers, it will also significantly shorten the timeframe before they can begin shopping — with a mobile payment option, new shoppers can go from signing up to their first shop in as little as a few hours."}
{"id": "doc10094", "text": "Instacart is also reportedly now offering customers a “Leave at My Door Delivery” option. According to Business Insider, while the omnichannel delivery platform had been piloting the service for several months, a spike in demand since the coronavirus outbreak led to it performing a widescale rollout. The service lets customers receive deliveries on their doorstep at a designated time when they are not home."}
{"id": "doc10095", "text": "Up until now, the feature had been limited in availability to a subset of customers as part of a beta test intended to create a more convenient option for customers not home at the time of delivery, Instacart said in a statement. Based on the increased demand for this new product feature, today weve made it available to all Instacart customers — bringing even more flexibility and optionality to their grocery delivery experience."}
{"id": "doc10096", "text": "Walmart offers a paid service, called InHome Direct, that delivers fresh groceries and everyday items directly to refrigerators located inside customer kitchens or garages. Meanwhile, Amazon Prime members have access to main features of the Amazon Key “smart entry” program. The program’s primary feature, in-home deliveries, uses a smart lock to allow Amazon to make deliveries inside a customer’s front door or garage.  "}
{"id": "doc10097", "text": "Costco and Instacart are said to be piloting fast delivery of prescription drugs on the West Coast."}
{"id": "doc10098", "text": "According to CNBC, the discount club retailer is testing one-hour delivery of prescribed medication to members in California and Washington state via Instacart. Delivery is free for orders of more than $35, not including the 5% tip set by Instacart. For smaller orders, price will vary by how fast members want drugs delivered (one-hour is the quickest delivery time), but deliveries will generally cost less than $10. Members receive delivery updates via text message."}
{"id": "doc10099", "text": "Instacart delivery personnel must be certified for HIPAA regulations regarding privacy for healthcare patients, and also ask for identification before dropping off a drug delivery. Delivery customers can opt for a phone consultation with a Costco pharmacist. At online checkout, customers must confirm their date of birth and that they are 18 or older."}
{"id": "doc10100", "text": "Costco and Instacart have not yet publicly commented. However, Arielle Trzcnski, a senior healthcare analyst at Forrester Research, offered Chain Store Age commentary on the pilot program."}
{"id": "doc10101", "text": "“Costco has thrown their hat into an already crowded healthcare race,” said Trzcnski. “Costco joins Walmart in offering healthcare support to bulk store members by offering free prescription delivery. This week, CVS made its first prescription deliveries by drone. This is a race to see who can deliver a service that will stick.  Retailers are still in search of what the right delivery model looks like and very much in test and see mode.”"}
{"id": "doc10102", "text": "Trzcnski added that while Costco’s delivery offering may signal a bigger jump into healthcare, by itself it will not be enough to members away from the healthcare offerings of competitors such as Sam’s Club."}
{"id": "doc10103", "text": "To read the full CNBC article, click here."}
{"id": "doc10104", "text": "Who your customers are may factor into sustainability decisions."}
{"id": "doc10105", "text": "According to “The State of Consumer Spending: Gen Z Shoppers Demand Sustainable Retail,” a new survey from digital testing platform First Insight, 62% of Gen Z respondents prefer to buy from sustainable brands, on par with millennials, while 54% of Gen X and 44% of the Silent Generation (born 1928-45) said the same. However, only 39 percent of baby boomers agreed. "}
{"id": "doc10106", "text": "Gen Z is also the most willing to pay more for sustainable products (73%) compared to millennials (68%), Gen X (55%), Silent Generation (50%) and baby boomers (42%). "}
{"id": "doc10107", "text": "Of note, the majority of respondents across generations expect retailers and brands to become more sustainable, including 84% of Gen X, 78% of millennials, 73% of Gen Z, 73% of baby boomers, and 68% of the Silent Generation."}
{"id": "doc10108", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc10109", "text": "Recommerce is gaining traction across every generation, with 64% of millennials, 63% of Gen X, 62% of Silent Generation, 59% of Gen Z (59 percent), and 52% of baby boomers saying they shop the secondary markets. "}
{"id": "doc10110", "text": "Resale/consignment retailers The RealReal, ThredUp, Poshmark, and Tradesy are used by 48% of millennial respondents, 46% of both Gen X and Gen Z, 39% of baby boomers, and 22% of Silent Generation."}
{"id": "doc10111", "text": "When asked why respondents shop sustainable brands, quality ranked higher than environmental concerns across every generation. Eighty-five percent of millennials, 83% of baby boomers, 81% of Gen X, 78% of Gen Z, and 70% of the Silent Generation ranked quality as important. While both factors were rated as important, environmental concerns ranked lower, with only 72% of baby boomers, 71% of millennials, 70% of Gen Z and Gen X, and 66% of the Silent Generation respondents ranking it as important."}
{"id": "doc10112", "text": "First Insight’s findings are based on the results of a U.S. consumer study of a targeted sample of more than 1,000 respondents fielded in December 2019."}
{"id": "doc10113", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10114", "text": "Shoppers will visit brick-and-mortar stores in 2020, but won’t check their devices at the door."}
{"id": "doc10115", "text": "According to a new survey investigating the 2020 shopping habits of more than 16,000 consumers from mobile rewards app Shopkick, physical interactions with products will still play a major role in purchasing decisions this year. More than eight in 10 (82%) respondents say that seeing, holding or demoing a product in-person makes them more inclined to actually purchase it."}
{"id": "doc10116", "text": "Other notable 2020 shopping trends uncovered by the survey include:•    Boomers and Gen Z shoppers are most likely to do the majority of their 2020 shopping in physical retailers (67% and 61%, respectively), with Gen X (59%) and millennials (57%) close behind."}
{"id": "doc10117", "text": "•    Eighty-eight percent of all respondents plan to use their mobile devices while shopping in-store, most often to find deals and coupons or to compare prices. Fifty percent of consumers plan to use their mobile devices in-store more frequently in 2020."}
{"id": "doc10118", "text": "•    Boomers lead the pack in planning to shop more frequently at retailers that align with their core values (75%), followed closely by Gen X (72%), millennials (70%) and Gen Z (68%). However, younger consumers are more likely to feel a sense of loyalty to brands. Sixty-four percent of Gen Z respondents report feeling a sense of brand loyalty, compared to 47 percent of boomers."}
{"id": "doc10119", "text": "•    Half of consumers (50%) plan to make the majority of their purchases with debit cards in the new year. Credit cards come in second at 27%, followed by cash (15%), app-based payment methods (6%) and gift cards (2%). Interestingly, Gen Z is the only generation planning to pay more often with cash over credit (29% and 15%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc10120", "text": "•    A clear majority of respondents don’t plan to use installment or pay-later payment options them (83% and 87%, respectively)."}
{"id": "doc10121", "text": "•    Most consumers don’t plan to shop on social platforms in the new year, but for those who do, Facebook is the most popular platform, according to millennials, Gen X, and boomers (26%, 26% and 29%, respectively). Meanwhile, Gen Z is the only generation more likely to shop on Instagram (20%)."}
{"id": "doc10122", "text": "A strong mobile commerce offering will help retailers attract this holiday season’s highest-spending generation"}
{"id": "doc10123", "text": "Over a third of millennials plan to spend more money during the 2019 holiday season compared to 2018, and they will likely outspend other generations this gift-giving season, according to Discover’s annual Holiday Shopping Survey. Millennials say higher income and more people on their shopping list are two reasons for their boost in spending. And they also will overwhelmingly use their mobile devices to shop."}
{"id": "doc10124", "text": "Results from the survey, which polled Gen Z, millennials, Gen X and baby boomers on their previous holiday shopping habits and upcoming plans to purchase, also indicate almost three-quarters (73%) of millennials will use a mobile device to shop for holiday gifts. In comparison, only 58% of Gen X, 48% of Gen Z and 32% of baby boomers plan to do mobile holiday shopping."}
{"id": "doc10125", "text": "Credit card usage is trending upward among holiday shoppers. In 2019, 42% of respondents said they expect to use credit cards for most of their holiday gift purchases, compared to 38% in 2018 and 32% in 2017. Of those who plan to use credit cards for the majority of their holiday shopping, 55% said they mostly use credit cards to earn points and rewards. "}
{"id": "doc10126", "text": "Other findings include:"}
{"id": "doc10127", "text": "The national survey of 2,010 U.S. consumers ages 18 and up was commissioned by Discover and conducted by Dynata (formerly Research Now/SSI), an independent survey research firm."}
{"id": "doc10128", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10129", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10130", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10131", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10132", "text": "A new survey from PayPal indicates retailers are lagging in the crucial area of mobile commerce."}
{"id": "doc10133", "text": "According to 2019 global mobile commerce survey research conducted by Ipsos and commissioned by PayPal, 78% of consumers have ever used a smartphone to make a purchase or payment online. However, only 63% of retailers have a “mobile-optimized” site or app."}
{"id": "doc10134", "text": "Across almost all consumer generations, mobile commerce is common. Almost nine in 10 (87%) Gen Z and millennial consumers have made a smartphone purchase or payment, as have 80% of Gen X and even 65% of baby boomers. Only among consumers older than baby boomers (born before 1946) is engaging in mobile commerce somewhat uncommon (49%)."}
{"id": "doc10135", "text": "When asked what aspects of mobile commerce drive them to participate, respondents who engage in mobile shopping were most interested in saving time and ease of use. The top responses were ease of using device for making payments (44%), ease of using device for shopping (44%), saving time while shopping (43%), and saving time while paying bills (40%). "}
{"id": "doc10136", "text": "Among all consumer respondents, the clear number one barrier to mobile commerce is slowness/effort barriers - such as slow page loading, long forms, apps not loading, etc. (61%). Other popular barriers are security/trust issues (51%), and payment problems (35%). Interestingly, women (55%) were much more likely than men (48%) to see security/trust issues as a barrier to mobile commerce."}
{"id": "doc10137", "text": "When asked what mobile payment methods they currently use, mobile shopper respondents had three clear favorites: PayPal (53%), credit card (44%), and debit card (41%). Google Pay and bank transfer tied for a distant fourth place with an 11% usage rate each."}
{"id": "doc10138", "text": "Among all consumers, mobile payment by smartphone or tablet is the most popular way to make a payment online (44%), followed by laptop/notebook (30%), and desktop (21%). Preference for mobile online payment is most pronounced among Gen Z and millennials (53%), followed by Gen X (43%), baby boomers (28%), and older consumers (17%). Women (48%) prefer mobile payment more than men (39%)."}
{"id": "doc10139", "text": "This study was conducted across 11 markets with approx. 22,000 consumers and 4,602 business respondents. Markets included were U.S., U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Australia, Brazil, Mexico, India and Japan. "}
{"id": "doc10140", "text": "A celebrity-founded activewear retailer is creating a frictionless shopping experience across channels."}
{"id": "doc10141", "text": "Co-founded as a digitally native retailer by actress Kate Hudson in 2013, Fabletics is supporting a continuing expansion into the brick-and-mortar space with the development and deployment of OmniSuite, a proprietary cloud-based enterprise retail platform. OmniSuite combines e-commerce, POS and order management solutions with back-office systems, with the goal of bridging the gap between in-store and online operations and experience."}
{"id": "doc10142", "text": "The OmniSuite platform and its applications enable Fabletics to deliver personalized service with a 360-degree view of customer transactions and interactions across all channels. In addition, Fabletics customers can shop and transact online or offline without friction."}
{"id": "doc10143", "text": "Other benefits the retailer obtains from its proprietary platform include the ability to deliver personalized greetings to in-store customers in fitting rooms, where digital screens display various ways to style the clothes they’re trying on in that moment. Birthday messages, promotions, and other personalized content is available to in-store customers, who can also take advantage of other enhancements like requesting assistance via a dressing room iPad."}
{"id": "doc10144", "text": "Fitting room iPads also feature user-generated content, product details, outfit suggestions, and current promotions. OmniShop enables Fabletics to track clothing from fitting room to transaction, so the brand knows how product is moving in real-time. If a shopper decides to hold off on buying, their item and feedback is tracked on their online profile, so they can buy online later if they choose."}
{"id": "doc10145", "text": "Since expanding into brick-and-mortar in 2015, Fabletics has expanded to 38 North American retail stores, with the goal of opening up to 100 stores nationwide."}
{"id": "doc10146", "text": "Amazon Prime members have time to procrastinate this holiday season."}
{"id": "doc10147", "text": "The e-tail giant is enabling Prime members in eligible areas to shop a selection of millions of products up until Christmas Eve (Dec. 24) and receive them that day with Prime free same-day delivery and free two-hour delivery with Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods Market. In addition to a complete selection of groceries, Prime members in select cities can shop Amazon Fresh for tens of thousands of items across dozens of categories, including Amazon devices, toys, gifts, wrapping supplies, and more. "}
{"id": "doc10148", "text": "Prime members can also find the same deals that are available on Amazon.com and receive free two-hour delivery in select cities. In another seasonal offering, the return window has been extended until Jan. 31 for items purchased between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31."}
{"id": "doc10149", "text": "Amazon released the following delivery deadlines:•    Dec. 14: Last day to order and get free delivery on orders over $25, free for all customers."}
{"id": "doc10150", "text": "•    Dec. 18: Last day to order items eligible for standard shipping, free for Prime members."}
{"id": "doc10151", "text": "•    Dec. 22: Last day to order tens of millions of items, free for Prime members."}
{"id": "doc10152", "text": "•    Dec. 23: Last day to order more than 10 million items eligible for one-day delivery (coast to coast, free for Prime members with no minimum purchase)."}
{"id": "doc10153", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Last day to order millions of items eligible for same-day delivery (free for Prime members in eligible areas on orders over $35, order by 9:30 a.m. local time)."}
{"id": "doc10154", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Last chance for free two-hour grocery delivery, reserved exclusively for Prime members in select cities. Order by 5 p.m. local time (3 p.m. in select locations) for Whole Foods Market and 8 p.m. local time for Amazon Fresh."}
{"id": "doc10155", "text": "•    Dec. 24: Whole Foods Market stores, Amazon Books, and Amazon 4-star stores are open Christmas Eve (store hours vary by location)."}
{"id": "doc10156", "text": "“We want customers to experience the magic of the holidays with family and friends knowing Amazon has them covered with fast, free, and reliable shipping on millions of items – from best-selling gifts and holiday décor, to the icing for their gingerbread cookies,” said Maria Renz, VP, global delivery experience at Amazon. “Whether you’re a planner or a procrastinator, this season Prime members have more delivery options than ever before and we thank our team of customer-obsessed associates and drivers who are delivering smiles throughout the holidays.”"}
{"id": "doc10157", "text": "Chipotle Mexican Grill is connecting the digital and in-store sides of the customer experience."}
{"id": "doc10158", "text": "Nicole West, Chipotle’s VP, digital strategy and product, recently spoke with Chain Store Age about a wide-ranging digital transformation occurring at the global casual dining chain. "}
{"id": "doc10159", "text": "“We have always been focused on customer experience,” said West. “But customer expectations are evolving, and we know we need to modernize.”"}
{"id": "doc10160", "text": "To that end, Chipotle launched a major digital initiative in 2017 in partnership with CRM solutions provider Sparkfly. “We wanted to create a beautiful, frictionless order experience using a convenient, stable platform we could easily update,” West commented."}
{"id": "doc10161", "text": "Chipotle’s transformation strategy encompasses its brick-and-mortar stores, mobile app, e-commerce site, corporate brand site, and voice chat. Leveraging Sparkfly technology, the retailer is launching digital initiatives including a mobile app campaign, rewards loyalty program, in-restaurant technology intelligence, and frictionless online ordering."}
{"id": "doc10162", "text": "“We ran our first-ever mobile app acquisition campaign,” said West. “We offer double loyalty point days, bonuses for digital orders, and special mobile birthday offers.”"}
{"id": "doc10163", "text": "Chipotle has also overhauled its rewards loyalty program. With digital wallet capabilities provided by Sparkfly, Chipotle can collect transactional data, as well as apply loyalty rewards and process personalized discounts received through any form of media or distribution channel, all through single-scan technology at the POS. Customers can even have voice-based access to their digital wallet using an order skill for the Amazon Alexa voice assistant."}
{"id": "doc10164", "text": "“You can save special offers and bonuses, and reference bonuses you qualify for,” said West. “Customers can scan a member ID barcode at the POS with a scanner and apply digital rewards to their in-store purchase. It removes friction – opportunities to earn loyalty rewards are seamless regardless of whether customers make an online order or in-store order.”"}
{"id": "doc10165", "text": "One aspect of the omnichannel customer experience where West said consumer demand is growing rapidly is on-delivery of digital orders."}
{"id": "doc10166", "text": "“We were a little surprised at the speed with which delivery has taken off in the restaurant space,” said West. “Customers want food to be accessible, wherever they may be, and have it delivered to them in short order.”"}
{"id": "doc10167", "text": "Chipotle provides on-demand digital delivery in national partnership with DoorDash. The company also partners locally with third-party delivery platforms including Postmates."}
{"id": "doc10168", "text": "The company’s future plans for its continuing digital transformation include connecting front-end mobile, online and catering orders to the back-end makeline, as well as to in-store mobile order pickup shelves for customers and delivery partners. Chipotle is also in the early stages of building a CRM platform."}
{"id": "doc10169", "text": "“We are continuing momentum with our digital system,” concluded West. “We will continue increasing customer engagement and opportunities for engagement such as bonuses, offers and promotions with increased access and convenience.”"}
{"id": "doc10170", "text": "Chipotle operates approximately 2,500 corporate restaurants in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany."}
{"id": "doc10171", "text": "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) sees competitive issues with a proposed acquisition of online shaving products retailer Harry’s Inc."}
{"id": "doc10172", "text": "The FTC is authorizing the Bureau of Competition to file suite to enjoin Edgewell Personal Care Company’s (Edgewell is the parent company of Schick’s) proposed $1.37 billion acquisition of what it says is Edgewell’s key competitor, Harry’s Inc. The FTC’s complaint alleges that the proposed combination would eliminate one of the most important competitive forces in the shaving industry. "}
{"id": "doc10173", "text": "“The loss of Harry’s as an independent competitor would remove a critical disruptive rival that has driven down prices and spurred innovation in an industry that was previously dominated by two main suppliers, one of whom is the acquirer,” the FTC said in a press release announcing the decision."}
{"id": "doc10174", "text": "The FTC has issued an administrative complaint, and has also authorized staff to file a complaint requesting a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia pending an administrative trial on the merits of the complaint."}
{"id": "doc10175", "text": "According to the FTC, Edgewell, Harry’s, and market leader Procter & Gamble are among the few significant competitors in the U.S. market for the manufacture and sale of men’s and women’s wet shave razors. Edgewell is also the leading supplier of private label razors in the United States. The complaint alleges that, for many years, Edgewell and Procter & Gamble operated their respective Schick and Gillette brands of men’s razors, and Intuition/Hydro Silk and Venus brands of women’s razors, as a “comfortable duopoly” characterized by annual price increases that were not driven by changes in costs or demand."}
{"id": "doc10176", "text": "Harry’s launched as an Internet-only, direct-to-consumer wet shave brand, and in 2016, Harry’s entered into brick-and-mortar retail stores. The FTC says as a result of this new competitive threat, Procter & Gamble and Edgewell reduced prices and developed previously unavailable value-priced products, generating “significant benefits” for consumers. The FTC complaint alleges the proposed acquisition would eliminate competition among suppliers of wet shave razors and would “inflict significant harm” on consumers of razors across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc10177", "text": "“Harry’s is a uniquely disruptive competitor in the wet shave market, and it has forced its rivals to offer lower prices, and more options, to consumers across the country,” said Daniel Francis, deputy director of the FTC’s Bureau of Competition. “The Harry’s and Flamingo brands represent a significant and growing competitive threat to the two firms that have dominated the wet shaving market for decades. Edgewell’s effort to short-circuit competition by buying up its newer rival promises serious harm to consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc10178", "text": "Executives from both Edgewell and Harry’s have released public commentary critical of the Feb. 3 FTC decision."}
{"id": "doc10179", "text": "“We continue to believe the combination of our two companies would bring together complementary capabilities for the benefit of all stakeholders, including customers,” said Rod Little, president and CEO of Edgewell. “We will review the FTCs decision and respond in due course."}
{"id": "doc10180", "text": "We are disappointed that the FTC is attempting to block our combination with Edgewell and are evaluating the best path forward,” said Jeff Raider and Andy Katz-Mayfield, co-founders and co-CEOs of Harrys, Inc. “We believe strongly that the combined company will deliver exceptional brands and products at a great value and are determined to bring those benefits to consumers."}
{"id": "doc10181", "text": "Walmart is creating its own yearly paid subscription program to directly compete with Amazon Prime."}
{"id": "doc10182", "text": "According to Recode, the discount giant will begin piloting a membership program called Walmart+ as soon as March 2020. Walmart+ will serve as an expansion of Walmart’s current Delivery Unlimited subscription service. Delivery Unlimited provides free same-day delivery of online grocery orders from 1,600 participating Walmart stores for a yearly $98 fee. "}
{"id": "doc10183", "text": "The retailer may keep the same fee or experiment with different price strategies. Walmart also may add exclusive perks for members, such as discounts on prescriptions and fuel and in-store mobile checkout."}
{"id": "doc10184", "text": "Interestingly, Walmart also may reportedly offer text-based ordering as part of Walmart+. Text-based ordering was a feature of the retailer’s recently shuttered Jet black personal shopping service. When Walmart closed Jet black, it publicly said the service would “graduate” to join its customer organization."}
{"id": "doc10185", "text": "A Walmart spokesperson confirmed to Recode that the retailer is developing Walmart+, but did not provide details. The standard annual Amazon Prime rate is $119, although some different pricing models and discounts are available. eMarketer has reported that Amazon Prime represents close to 40% of total U.S. e-commerce sales."}
{"id": "doc10186", "text": "Read the full article here."}
{"id": "doc10187", "text": "Every retailer is developing strategies to compete with Amazon, but another rival lurks in the background."}
{"id": "doc10188", "text": "In the late ‘90s and early ‘00s, conventional wisdom held that every retailer was in competition with Walmart. The discount giant sold every product, could beat anyone on price, and operated with ruthless efficiency. Walmart’s entry into e-commerce in 2000 was an important signifier that online sales were here to stay. "}
{"id": "doc10189", "text": "Since that time, Amazon has taken Walmart’s place as the omnipresent retailer who can undercut any price on any product. Amazon’s entry into the brick-and-mortar space in 2015 signified that physical stores are here to stay. Walmart has hardly disappeared, but generally trails Amazon in discussions of what company poses the most threat to its fellow retailers."}
{"id": "doc10190", "text": "This view is shortsighted. Retailers should see Walmart as equally, and possibly more, challenging than Amazon. Here are three factors that position Walmart to steal market share from anyone, including Amazon."}
{"id": "doc10191", "text": "StoresHaving opened its first local five-and-dime store in Arkansas in 1962, Walmart now operates over 5,000 locations across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Amazon operates about 10% of that total, of which more than three-quarters are Whole Foods stores it purchased in 2017."}
{"id": "doc10192", "text": "Amazon will likely operate thousands of brick-and-mortar stores, mostly under its own banner, within a few years. But it will still have decades of catching up to do with Walmart in terms of understanding how to fulfill, staff and merchandise them. As brick-and-mortar stores become more crucial to e-commerce, Walmart’s dominance in the physical space should only grow as an advantage. "}
{"id": "doc10193", "text": "VR trainingWalmart is taking a leading-edge approach to store associate training with virtual reality (VR) technology. To safely recreate high-pressure store scenarios, Walmart employs Oculus Go VR headsets for onsite training and Oculus Rift VR headsets for training at its 200 regional employee academies. Employees view VR videos filmed in actual Walmart stores that recreate a wide variety of real-life events they will likely encounter. "}
{"id": "doc10194", "text": "As a result, Walmart can deliver highly realistic, interactive training content across the organization in an efficient, streamlined manner. This helps ensure that customers visiting brick-and-mortar stores, including online shoppers picking up their orders, receive courteous service in a clean, safe environment."}
{"id": "doc10195", "text": "In-house disruptionAmazon is an established leader in developing proprietary technology that improves operational efficiency and omnichannel customer experience. However, Walmart is also one of the biggest technology innovators in the industry."}
{"id": "doc10196", "text": "Walmart’s Store No. 8 tech incubator has produced a number of disruptive innovations, such as the recently shuttered Jet black, a text-based, personalized shopping service. The discount giant intends to leverage technological features of Jet black, such as the ability to place text orders and insights gained on what types of products consumers prefer to purchase via text, across its mainstream business."}
{"id": "doc10197", "text": "In addition, Walmart gleans valuable real-life insights from Store No. 8’s “Intelligent Retail Lab,” or IRL. The 50,000-sq.-ft. store is set up to gather information through an array of sensors, cameras and processors. Initially, Walmart is using the IRL to test how real-time information provided by AI-based store systems can inform associates more precisely when to restock products."}
{"id": "doc10198", "text": "Is Walmart thinking of divesting JetBlack?"}
{"id": "doc10199", "text": "Walmart has received interest from outside parties about its members-only personal shopping service, JetBlack, which could ultimately lead to partnerships, a spin-off or a sale of the online business, reported Bloomberg."}
{"id": "doc10200", "text": "JetBlack was the first business to launch from Walmart’s technology incubator, Store No.8. It also marked Walmart’s first foray into conversational commerce. The service, which went live in May 2018, allows members, who pay a $50 monthly fee, to order items over the phone via text message, with products delivered the same or next day for no extra charge. It also give members access to personal shoppers who will offer gift recommendations if requested and such perks as gift wrapping. (While some everyday essentials may be sourced from Walmart and Jet.com, other items and specialty products sold via JetBlack are procured from local brands and specialty shops.)"}
{"id": "doc10201", "text": "To date, the JetBlack platform is live only in the New York area."}
{"id": "doc10202", "text": "Read the full story from Bloomberg here."}
{"id": "doc10203", "text": "Walmart Canada is launching a blockchain-based freight and payment network."}
{"id": "doc10204", "text": "Leveraging the DLT Asset Track supply chain platform from enterprise blockchain solutions provider DLT Labs, Walmart Canada is using distributed ledger technology to track deliveries, verify transactions, and automate payments and reconciliation among its third-party carriers delivering inventory to over 400 retail stores across Canada. The new blockchain-based freight and payment network manages, integrates and synchronizes supply chain and logistics data in real-time, aggregating the data between Walmart Canada and its fleet of third-party trucks on a shared ledger. "}
{"id": "doc10205", "text": "The solution also automates the necessary calculations enabling real-time invoicing, payments and settlement. At the same time, it integrates with each carrier’s legacy systems, so organizations can continue to follow their existing processes without retraining or a new investment in technology. Walmart Canada initially investigated using blockchain technology in freight management as part of a broader focus on cost reduction."}
{"id": "doc10206", "text": "Specific benefits Walmart Canada says it receives from using blockchain technology in freight management include automated, accurate data capture and sharing; improved tracking and tracing; earlier problem detection; faster transaction time; elimination of disputes with carriers; reduced administrative costs; and enhanced analytics and predictive modeling for budgeting and planning."}
{"id": "doc10207", "text": "“Our carrier partners move over 500,000 loads of inventory nationally, which creates an extraordinary volume of transaction data,” said John Bayliss, senior VP, logistics and supply chain, Walmart Canada. “This new dynamic and interactive blockchain technology platform is creating complete transparency between Walmart Canada and all of our carrier partners. Blockchain is enabling a material advance in our smart transportation network, with expedited payments, extensive cost savings and other benefits among our supply chain."}
{"id": "doc10208", "text": "All Walmart Canadas third-party carriers are scheduled to be live on the new blockchain platform by Feb. 1, 2020. The solution is accessible using a Web portal and a mobile application."}
{"id": "doc10209", "text": "The Kroger Co. is giving itself a new look."}
{"id": "doc10210", "text": "The nation’s largest supermarket chain unveiled a new logo, universal tagline it will use across all its brands and marketing materials with animated characters"}
{"id": "doc10211", "text": "The redesigned logo maintains the supermarket’s giant’s iconic swooping K and G in blue. But the oval-shaped shield has been removed. The new tagline, Fresh for Everyone, is simple and underscored by Krogers commitment and belief that everyone should have access to fresh, affordable and delicious food, the company said.  The company’s 20-plus retail banners, which include Kroger, Fred Meyer, Ralphs and Harris Teeter, will continue to operate under their existing names, but the new tagline and ads with the characters will be deployed nationwide. "}
{"id": "doc10212", "text": "Kroger chose Fresh for Everyone as our leading brand message because it is inclusive, clear and memorable and supports our vision of serving America through food inspiration and uplift,” said Mike Donnelly, Krogers executive VP and COO. Kroger believes that everyone deserves to have access to fresh, affordable and delicious food, no matter who you are, how you shop or what you like to eat.”"}
{"id": "doc10213", "text": "As part of the updated branding, the company is rolling out new marketing materials featuring animated “Kroji” (a take on the words Kroger and emoji) characters representing Kroger’s customers, associates and communities “in an inclusive, relatable, optimistic and fun way,” Kroger said. Other new materials will feature photos and videos of fresh food."}
{"id": "doc10214", "text": "Kroger is launching a mass media campaign with its new branding. Advertising channels include retail, television and radio broadcast, digital, print, social, podcast, cinema, outdoor, and TV and music streaming services. And to celebrate the launch of the campaign, Kroger is offering customers free grocery pickup – generally a $4.95 fee – through January 1, 2020. "}
{"id": "doc10215", "text": "The new logo and branding is from DDB New York.  In July, Kroger tapped the firm as its first creative agency of record."}
{"id": "doc10216", "text": "America’s oldest luxury leather goods brand has returned to the U.S. retail scene."}
{"id": "doc10217", "text": "Upscale handbag and accessories company Mark Cross has opened its first retail location since the 1990s, on Madison Avenue in New York City. The space is connected to a neighboring boutique, natural beauty and wellness brand Naturopathica. (Mark Cross closed all its stores in the late 1990s, and was revived under new owners in 2011.)"}
{"id": "doc10218", "text": "The opening of the store represents a significant shift in the brands overall retail strategy, which has been focused on wholesale and e-commerce. The physical location gives Mark Cross the opportunity to directly connect with their clientele in New York, along with their international consumer, strengthening the first-hand relationships with both existing and new customers, the company said."}
{"id": "doc10219", "text": "This is a new chapter within our consumer-centric strategy, and one that allows us to serve our customer in the best possible way – both online and offline,” said Ulrik Garde Due, president and CEO, Mark Cross.” We see this as a pivotal moment for Mark Cross and a clear indication of our ability to be at the forefront of the constantly evolving retail marketplace."}
{"id": "doc10220", "text": "The space embodies Mark Cross rich heritage in the arts and culture with a modern, relevant spin, looking to re-engage its core customer as well as target a new audience in touch with the current art and fashion scene. The store highlights emerging artists through its Artist in Residence program, while paying homage to former owners, the Murphys. Founded in 1845 as a saddlery in Boston, Mark Cross rose to prominence in the early 20th century when the couple moved the company to New York and expanded its range of products. "}
{"id": "doc10221", "text": "America’s biggest e-commerce retailer will deliver 200 million packages between Dec. 19 and Dec. 31."}
{"id": "doc10222", "text": "Amazon now has 150 delivery stations in the U.S. that employ more than 90,000 logistics associates. In addition, Amazon’s Delivery Service Partner program enables entrepreneurs to build and grow their own delivery business with access to Amazon’s delivery volume, safety training programs and support, routing technology and exclusively negotiated discounts. Currently, there are more than 800 Amazon Delivery Service partners in the e-tailer’s last-mile network, employing 75,000 drivers in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc10223", "text": "“Amazon’s transportation network is built on a foundation of 20 years of operations and logistics experience, an unwavering commitment to safety, technological innovation, and talented teams who are obsessed with delivering for our customers,” said Dave Clark, senior VP of worldwide operations. “Thanks to these great teams we’ve delivered 3.3 billion customer packages worldwide this year, and are on track to deliver 3.5 billion packages by the end of the year. These are big milestones on behalf of our customers.”"}
{"id": "doc10224", "text": "eBay is getting out of the online ticket resale business."}
{"id": "doc10225", "text": "The e-commerce company has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its StubHub subsidiary to Viagogo, a Swiss online ticket marketplace, for $4.05 billion USD in cash. Viagogo is a worldwide ticket marketplace for live sport, music and entertainment events, and Stubhub is a ticket marketplace in the U.S."}
{"id": "doc10226", "text": "Combined, these marketplaces will sell hundreds of thousands of tickets daily across more than 70 countries. Eric Baker, Viagogo’s founder and CEO, also co-founded StubHub, but left before the business was sold to eBay for $310 million in 2007."}
{"id": "doc10227", "text": "“We believe this transaction is a great outcome and maximizes long-term value for eBay shareholders,” said Scott Schenkel, interim CEO of eBay Inc. “Over the past several months, eBay’s leadership team and board of directors have been engaged in a thorough review of our current strategies and portfolio, and we concluded that this was the best path forward for both eBay and StubHub. We firmly believe in the StubHub business and we are excited about its future growth potential with Viagogo as its owner.”"}
{"id": "doc10228", "text": "“It has long been my wish to unite the two companies. I am so proud of how StubHub has grown over the years and excited about the possibilities for our shared future,” Baker said. “Buyers will have a wider choice of tickets, and sellers will have a wider network of buyers. Bringing these two companies together creates a win-win for fans - more choice and better pricing.”"}
{"id": "doc10229", "text": "The sale is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions."}
{"id": "doc10230", "text": "eBay says it regularly reviews its portfolio to ensure that its investments and assets support its strategic direction and adhere to value creation. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor to eBay. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Quinn Emanuel are acting as legal advisors to eBay. J.P. Morgan is acting as sole financial advisor and sole underwriter of the committed debt and preferred equity financings for Viagogo. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Kirkland & Ellis LLP are acting as legal advisors for Viagogo."}
{"id": "doc10231", "text": "Dick’s Sporting Goods reported a strong fourth quarter and said it plans to eliminate gun sales in more stores."}
{"id": "doc10232", "text": "The nation’s largest sporting goods retailer said it will pull guns from another 440 stores this year as it expands on efforts it began in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February 2018. Dick’s first efforts involved the removal of high-capacity magazines and assault-style weapons from its stores and a ban on firearms sales to anyone under 21. In March 2019, following a 10-store test, Dick’s said it was pulling the hunting category from 125 stores. Since then, the entire hunting category, including the company’s Field & Stream business, has been under “strategic review.”"}
{"id": "doc10233", "text": "Dick’s net income fell to $69.8 million, or 81 cents per share, for the quarter ended Feb.1, compared with $102.6 million, or $1.07 a share, in the year-ago period, Excluding one-time charges — which included a $13.1 million write-down of inventory resulting from the removal of hunting-related goods from roughly 440 stores — Dick’s earned $1.32 per share, better than the $1.22 a share expected by analysts. "}
{"id": "doc10234", "text": "Net sales rose 4.7% to $2.61 billion from $2.49 billion a year earlier, topping estimates for $2.57 billion."}
{"id": "doc10235", "text": "Total same-store sales rose 5.3%, supported by increases in both average ticket and transactions, as well as growth across each of Dick’s three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear. Digital sales increased 15%."}
{"id": "doc10236", "text": "Net sales for the full year increased 3.7% to approximately $8.75 billion."}
{"id": "doc10237", "text": "“During 2019, we made meaningful changes across our business, which fueled our strongest annual comp sales gain since 2012 and a 14% increase in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share over 2018,” said Ed Stack, chairman and CEO, Dick’s Sporting Goods. As we enter 2020, we remain enthusiastic about our business and have been pleased with our start to the year. We are excited to continue to focus on and enhance our 2019 strategies, which include optimizing our inventory and floor space, delivering differentiated merchandising and driving athlete engagement across all channels. Our outlook balances this enthusiasm with a degree of caution over the coronavirus and how it may impact our business."}
{"id": "doc10238", "text": "As of February 1, 2020, the company operated 726 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, and 27 Field & Stream stores in 16 states. It expects to open nine new Dick’s stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores in 2020."}
{"id": "doc10239", "text": "A luxury fashion brand is streamlining order management and customer service with iPhones."}
{"id": "doc10240", "text": "Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) will implement the NewStore omnichannel platform in its retail stores globally later in 2020. The platform will complement its existing Salesforce Commerce Cloud-based e-commerce business."}
{"id": "doc10241", "text": "Specifically, DVF intends to streamline systems and processes for store associates, turning manual workflows into omnichannel services which can be executed on an iPhone. At the same time, the company will optimize inventory management and store fulfillment, lifting the responsibility from store associates with automation."}
{"id": "doc10242", "text": "DVF will implement all NewStore Omnichannel Platform solutions, including applications for endless aisle, clienteling, store fulfillment, inventory management, mobile checkout, and omnichannel insights."}
{"id": "doc10243", "text": "Enhancing DVFs point of service system is a significant priority for the future of our business, and after extensive due diligence it became clear that NewStore was the premium choice for our brand, said Sandra Campos, CEO, Diane von Furstenberg. Their ability to offer innovative solutions across omnichannel, inventory management and data capture allow for a faster, more customer-centric experience. We are pleased to roll out this system across DVFs global store footprint."}
{"id": "doc10244", "text": "Vertical snowboarding products retailer Burton Snowboards also recently decided to deploy the NewStore omnichannel platform across its 70-store global footprint to streamline front- and back-end operations using iPhones. Burton intends to achieve benefits such as streamlined checkout, personalized experiences on the store floor, and efficient management of order routing on the back end, all while using the same iPhone app."}
{"id": "doc10245", "text": "DVF has a global distribution network in over 100 countries and with over 450 points of sale, including 86 corporate-owned and partnered stores throughout North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific. "}
{"id": "doc10246", "text": "Outdoor Voices has overhauled its store experience to the benefit of its customers and employees."}
{"id": "doc10247", "text": "The digital-first women’s activewear brand has deployed technology from NewStore, which operates a platform for retailers to run their stores on iPhone, in its nine physical locations. (A 10th is due to open in Manhattan’s Flatiron District.) Running  exclusively on iOS, the platform allows Outdoor Voices to bridge online and in-store shopping experiences.  It empowers store associates via iPhone to ensure all customer touchpoints are secure, seamless and cohesive."}
{"id": "doc10248", "text": "NewStore’s omnichannel platform’s integrated cloud OMS and mobile POS gives Outdoor Voices a single vision for its customers, orders and inventory. Data insights are made available to store associates on iPhone, allowing them to easily deploy omnichannel capabilities including endless aisle, mobile checkout, store fulfillment, inventory management and clienteling."}
{"id": "doc10249", "text": "“Weve been looking for the right partner that will make it easy to manage a 360 degree view into our retail shops and for us, thats NewStore, said Kevin Harwood, VP of technology of Outdoor Voices, which was founded in 2014. The NewStore ommnichannel platform creates a symbiotic relationship between our online and in-store transactions by ensuring that our shop teams have the data they need at their fingertips and our customers the technical apparel theyve been looking for."}
{"id": "doc10250", "text": "Running its stores on iPhone with NewStore has provided Outdoor Voices with the following benefits."}
{"id": "doc10251", "text": "Starbucks’ loyalty members will soon have a unique location to pick up their beverages New York City’s Penn Station."}
{"id": "doc10252", "text": "In a brief post on its e-commerce site, Starbucks says it is introducing Starbucks Pickup, a streamlined store experience specifically designed for members of the Starbucks Rewards loyalty program who order and pay with its app. "}
{"id": "doc10253", "text": "“This is unlike any Starbucks you’ve seen before—a space devoted entirely to mobile orders, with no obstacles standing between you and your coffee,” Starbucks says in the post."}
{"id": "doc10254", "text": "To patronize the Starbucks Pickup store, customers will need to sign up for Starbucks Rewards, download the Starbucks app and use the mobile order and pay option. Before placing the order, customers will then select Pickup – Penn Plaza as their order location. "}
{"id": "doc10255", "text": "When they arrive at the store, customers will find their name on the order status board. In-store baristas will be available to offer assistance if needed. No other types of orders can be placed."}
{"id": "doc10256", "text": "Starbucks currently offers a similar mobile-focused store format in Beijing, China. Called Starbucks Now, it is designed to offer a streamlined experience for customers who have pre-ordered online and also for delivery drivers/riders who are picking up online orders. "}
{"id": "doc10257", "text": "Starbucks Now features a dedicated area for pickup of Starbucks Delivers orders by drivers, while fulfilled online orders are placed in a secure in-wall system with a designated pickup portal associated with each order. Unlike Starbucks Pickup, Starbucks Now does have a limited product assortment for on-the-go orders placed inside the store."}
{"id": "doc10258", "text": "A fast-food leader is expanding the reach of on-demand delivery with help from an established mobile platform."}
{"id": "doc10259", "text": "Burger King is partnering with Uber Eats to provide on-demand delivery service across the U.S. Customers can now place orders for a selection of items from participating Burger King restaurants via the Uber Eats app. "}
{"id": "doc10260", "text": "“At Burger King restaurants, delivery is a major priority to ensure our food is available to anyone, anywhere,” said Chris Finazzo, president, North America, Burger King Corp. “We know our guests value convenience and adding the Burger King brand to Uber Eats is another way we will meet the demands of millions of people on this platform.”"}
{"id": "doc10261", "text": "“We’re thrilled to team up with Burger King restaurants to offer their beloved menu items to Uber Eats customers across the country,” said Janelle Sallenave, head of Uber Eats, U.S. & Canada. “A long history of innovation coupled with high-quality delicious food and brilliant marketing makes BK a perfect addition to Uber Eats.”"}
{"id": "doc10262", "text": "Burger King is going national with mobile delivery as its chief competitor McDonald’s has been busily expanding its own McDelivery on-demand delivery service. Launched in partnership with UberEats in 2017, McDelivery is now available in more than 10,000 McDonald’s restaurants across all 50 states, with additional partners including DoorDash and Grubhub."}
{"id": "doc10263", "text": "Through Oct. 27, 2019, Uber Eats is offering free delivery (with taxes, service fee, and small order fee still applying) on orders of $15 or more."}
{"id": "doc10264", "text": "With increased traffic and sales, the holidays also bring retailers heightened risk of cyberattack."}
{"id": "doc10265", "text": "Chain Store Age recently discussed the most pressing security threats facing retailers during the 2019 holiday season and beyond with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a senior computer scientist on the Cyber Task Force at the FBI Seattle field office, shared insight on the latest cybercrime techniques retailers must defend themselves against as peak season approaches."}
{"id": "doc10266", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during Black Friday?"}
{"id": "doc10267", "text": "“There is a new trend of cybercriminals using more targeted, strategic ransomware to lock up computers and demand extortion payments to unlock them. In the past, threat actors focused on stealing payment card records from retailers and paid close attention to the days leading up to Black Friday. "}
{"id": "doc10268", "text": "“The whole holiday shopping season was a lucrative time, as there is a high volume of card-present transactions. Criminals would install machines in card swipes at POS terminals. As they got hit hard with these type of attacks, more retailers began implementing EMV readers and point-to-point encryptors, making it difficult to steal card numbers."}
{"id": "doc10269", "text": "“While there is still a hot market to purchase stolen card numbers, ransomware has gone from a scattershot, random attack to a targeted, strategic attack. Companies frequently buy cyberinsurance, and many policies will help pay for ransom. The cybercriminals have a list of what insurance companies are willing to pay and what insurance companies retailers are using. "}
{"id": "doc10270", "text": "“Hackers will also time a ransomware attack so retailers have short timeframe to make a decision. If a retailer is facing a period of two to three weeks to restore their systems from backup during the holiday shopping period and the hacker promises that if they put in the secret key they will get by paying ransom their systems will be back in one day, there is a strong incentive to pay.”"}
{"id": "doc10271", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face for Cyber Monday?"}
{"id": "doc10272", "text": "“We are seeing a huge increase in the number of attacks on e-commerce sites that provide services for online retailers. For example, a company that provides a turnkey solution retailers can use for shipping. A hacker who gains access can install malware on multiple different retailers at once and collect card data as it is entered into site."}
{"id": "doc10273", "text": "“These are known as ‘Magecart’ attacks, and are being perpetrated by many unrelated groups who are using similar techniques to compromise online retailers. They gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase. Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc10274", "text": "(Editor’s note: Online cosmetics retailer First Aid Beauty is reported to have recently been victimized by a Magecart attack.) "}
{"id": "doc10275", "text": "What is the biggest threat retailers face during the remainder of the holiday season?"}
{"id": "doc10276", "text": "“Retailers face the same threats post-Black Friday and Cyber Monday, with malware harvesting card data as customers make transactions in person or online, and ransomware/extortion attacks. In the past few months, there have been reports of the coming together of threat actors who typically operate in separate circles, selling criminal services requiring special skills."}
{"id": "doc10277", "text": "“For example, some threat actors break into networks all day and have their own expertise. Others are experts at social engineering or phishing, or develop custom malware that standard antivirus programs won’t recognize. They advertise on the dark web and share data on activities like locking up computers with ransomware."}
{"id": "doc10278", "text": "“Researchers got the idea to analyze the dark web to discover which companies were being targeted, so now cybercriminals share information in vague terms or directly cooperate with large ransomware groups. They may sell their expert  criminal services exclusively to one steady customer they know can pay.”"}
{"id": "doc10279", "text": "What is the biggest threat on the horizon for 2020?"}
{"id": "doc10280", "text": "“More retailers will adopt proactive security strategies to protect their networks and receive alerts when threat actors are in the network. A natural consequence has been threat actors have become more advanced in researching security products. They acquire the same security products retailers use and put smart people to work researching, reverse engineering and testing security products to learn how to evade them and obtain access to high-value targets. "}
{"id": "doc10281", "text": "“Retailers need to not just prevent and block threat actors, who always find ways to evade security software, but also detect them once they are inside the network.” "}
{"id": "doc10282", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10283", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10284", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10285", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10286", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10287", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10288", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10289", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10290", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10291", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10292", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10293", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10294", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10295", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10296", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10297", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10298", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10299", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10300", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10301", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10302", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10303", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10304", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10305", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10306", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10307", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10308", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10309", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10310", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10311", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10312", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10313", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10314", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10315", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10316", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10317", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10318", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10319", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10320", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10321", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10322", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10323", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10324", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10325", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10326", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10327", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10328", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10329", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10330", "text": "One of the hottest holiday trends in e-commerce is a new cybercrime technique."}
{"id": "doc10331", "text": "Magecart sounds like something out of “Harry Potter,” but is a very real online fraud tool that should scare retailers far more than anything from the world of wizards. I recently discussed Magecart with Randy Pargman, senior director of threat hunting & counterintelligence at Ohio-based cybersecurity company Binary Defense. Pargman, who also spent 15 years as a computer scientist with the FBI, described how Magecart works."}
{"id": "doc10332", "text": "“(Hackers) gain access to an e-commerce site and install JavaScript to collect card data and send it to the attacker every time a customer makes a purchase,” said Pargman. “Retailers may use services to check their sites for new script, but the attackers can analyze the checks, and if one is different enough from normal site visits the attacker can analyze where it’s from and return the regular site if they recognize the IP address. This allows Magecart attackers to only run the malicious script when a customer makes a purchase.”"}
{"id": "doc10333", "text": "Pargman and many other cybersecurity experts have been warning that Magecart attacks are rapidly growing as the holidays approach. A recently discovered Magecart-related data breach at Macy’s bears this out. "}
{"id": "doc10334", "text": "“Online retailers like Macy’s are prime targets for Magecart, because data is easily stolen during checkout, often through third parties, as customers enter their credit cards,” commented Elad Shapira, head of research at security management platform Panorays. "}
{"id": "doc10335", "text": "So how do retailers stop this seemingly supernatural villainy from ruining the holidays? Fortunately, there are a few real-world solutions that can help banish Magecart attacks back into the gloomy underworld of online retail fraud."}
{"id": "doc10336", "text": "First, as recommended by web security provider PerimeterX, retailers must make sure they are tracking any first- and third-party code being added to their website in real time. Any code from a domain that has suspicious characteristics, such as being recently launched or originating from known hacker trouble spots like Russia or Eastern Europe, should be flagged for immediate review."}
{"id": "doc10337", "text": "Second, retailers must consult with any and all third parties, such as online marketplaces, payment processors, or even maintenance service providers, that may provide entry points to their network. Make sure any entity that has any legitimate reason to have access to any part of your enterprise is aware of Magecart and actively taking preventative steps. "}
{"id": "doc10338", "text": "Third, as recommended by Justin Fox, director of devops engineering for NuData Security, a Mastercard company, retailers need to start verifying the legitimacy of their buyers by using information beyond credit card numbers or other personally identifying data."}
{"id": "doc10339", "text": "“This is where behavioral technologies are providing companies with higher assurance establishing the legitimacy of their customers, even when their stolen credentials are used,” advises Fox."}
{"id": "doc10340", "text": "Finally, retailers must always remain vigilant and active in their online security activities. Stay current with the latest trends and solutions, and always be willing to upgrade or update your existing security infrastructure. Magecart may have become old news by the time the 2020 holiday season rolls around, but cyberattacks will always remain in fashion.   "}
{"id": "doc10341", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10342", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10343", "text": "Online threats facing retailers are becoming more complex and threatening, but many retailers are still unprepared to deal with such attacks."}
{"id": "doc10344", "text": "Fifty-percent of retailers reported having no response plan for a data breach, which is 11% higher than the all-industry average, according to research from the Ponemon Institute. The most commonly reported attack methods are phishing (69%), Web-based attacks (54%), and malware attacks (40%)."}
{"id": "doc10345", "text": "The report found that 61% of retailers experienced a cyberattack within the past year. The average attack involving the loss of customer or employee data resulted in 7,772 individual records lost or stolen, with an average cost of $1.9 million from the disruption of normal operations."}
{"id": "doc10346", "text": "Other findings include: • Insufficient personnel (91%), insufficient budget (51%) and no understanding of how to protect themselves from cyberattacks (40%) were the most commonly cited challenges by retailers preventing fully effective security posture."}
{"id": "doc10347", "text": "• Eighty-seven percent of retailers agree that cyberattacks are becoming more targeted, 67% believe attacks are becoming more severe and 61% think such attacks are becoming more sophisticated.  "}
{"id": "doc10348", "text": "• Only one in three retailers believes they have adequate budget to achieve strong IT security, while over half do not. But 93% of retailers spend less than 20% of their overall IT budget on security, with an average spend of 11.5%."}
{"id": "doc10349", "text": "• Sixty-nine percent of retailers agree that passwords are an important part of cybersecurity prevention, yet 51% dont have visibility into their employees password practices."}
{"id": "doc10350", "text": "There are billions of stolen credentials on the dark web, and cybercriminals can wait for months for prime opportunities like peak online shopping season to exploit retailers security vulnerabilities and make illegal purchases, said Darren Guccione, CEO and Co-founder of Keeper Security. The reality is, the cybersecurity problems facing the retail industry are not problems of money or personnel, but of mindset. Retailers need to know there are easily implementable, cost-effective security solutions that can greatly bolster their security posture and largely prevent such cybercrime from happening."}
{"id": "doc10351", "text": "Guccione offered three key tips for retailers:•    Educate employees regularly on best security practices and ways to avoid socially engineered attacks. •    Enforce strong login credentials and multi-factor authentication across all employee devices.  •    Conduct regular security audits and encrypt business data. "}
{"id": "doc10352", "text": "The 2019 Global State of Cybersecurity in Small and Medium-Sized Businesses, commissioned by Keeper Security, measured responses from over 2,000 IT and IT security professionals around the world, 239 of which were from the retail industry."}
{"id": "doc10353", "text": "Black Friday and Cyber Monday play critical roles in the sales and viability of both online and brick-and-mortar retailers. "}
{"id": "doc10354", "text": "According to Adobe Analytics, in 2018, Black Friday recorded over $6 billion in online sales, and Cyber Monday nearly $8 billion. The National Retail Federation (NRF) estimates that 30% of annual retail sales occur between Black Friday and Christmas, making the holiday shopping season a critical time for retailers.  "}
{"id": "doc10355", "text": "Cybercriminals are well aware of this annual global shopping spree and, by their nature, will follow the money. They have been planning what they can skim, steal, and gain control of for a timely ransomware payout. Organized retail crime is a significant problem, and is reported to cost retailers $30 billion each year through stolen credit card data and other assets."}
{"id": "doc10356", "text": "Here are some steps that retailers can take to protect themselves this season:"}
{"id": "doc10357", "text": "1.    Practice digital hygiene. With so many attacks facilitated by human error or misconfigurations, keep systems up to date and train employees on how to keep things that way. "}
{"id": "doc10358", "text": "2.    Improve employee preparedness. In addition to awareness training, make sure employees have a safe way to test links and attachments before opening them. Also, require multiple levels of authentication before approving money, payments, or transfer requests."}
{"id": "doc10359", "text": "3.    Segment your networks. Make sure that only the right devices are on the right network segments. Continuous visibility to new devices being added to the network or into exposed credentials that create attack paths will be invaluable for preventing easy network access."}
{"id": "doc10360", "text": "4.    Don’t store more data than you need to. In the unfortunate event attackers access and steal databases, they should not have access to extra data like three- or four-digit card verification values (CVVs) or PINs. "}
{"id": "doc10361", "text": "5.    If free WiFi access is provided, take precautions to detect man-in-the-middle attacks or users attempting to download malware onto devices."}
{"id": "doc10362", "text": "6.    Update and test out incident response playbooks. A dry run can be invaluable."}
{"id": "doc10363", "text": "7.    Have policies on ransomware and whether you will pay. Testing how quickly one can restore operations can be useful for setting employee and customer expectations. Ransomware attacks on retailers doubled from 2017 to 2018, and per SonicWall, on Cyber Monday 2018, the US experienced a 432% year-on-year increase in ransomware attacks "}
{"id": "doc10364", "text": "8.    Prepare for digital skimmers. Implement end-to-end encryption to mitigate risk and review mobile apps and take steps to harden them.  "}
{"id": "doc10365", "text": "9.    Do not ignore the physical aspects of a breach. The quickest way to access a network is by visiting the premises and connecting directly. This applies to kiosks and self-checkout terminals, too."}
{"id": "doc10366", "text": "10.    Have reliable detection mechanisms for all attack methods and environments. Solutions that require logs or behavioral trending may not prove effective for quick detection. Deception technology, however, will play a powerful role in quickly alerting based on attacker engagement, policy violations, or unauthorized Active Directory (AD) queries."}
{"id": "doc10367", "text": "11.    Be proactive. Rather than waiting for an attack to commence, deception technology creates traps to lure intruders into revealing themselves. Deception technology has demonstrated it can reduce the amount of time an attacker remains undetected by as much as 91%."}
{"id": "doc10368", "text": "12.    Understand how intruders operate. Intruders will attempt to steal credentials or access secure drives, so using deception to plant fake ones can misdirect their attacks. And since intruders will typically attempt to query the AD, defenders can detect these queries and feed them fake data that will redirect the attacks into decoys. Additionally, by observing attack paths, organizations can gain information on how to shut them down in the future."}
{"id": "doc10369", "text": "13.    Work with information sharing and analysis centers such as the RH-ISAC to fortify defenses based on information gathered and shared by industry peers."}
{"id": "doc10370", "text": "14.    Make sure the company hasn’t fallen below the standards defined by PCI DSS. And although not required yet, organizations should be prepared for compliance with the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) to help avoid the fines and losses associated with a breach.     "}
{"id": "doc10371", "text": "15. Ensure solutions are comprehensive. Any solution should be effective against insiders, suppliers, and malicious threat actors and deliver the adversary intelligence necessary to substantiate the attack, quickly complete triage, contain the attacker, and restore operations."}
{"id": "doc10372", "text": "As retailers prepare for this holiday season and as part of their ongoing operations, this list can go a long way in reducing risk and making it exponentially harder to breach their networks. "}
{"id": "doc10373", "text": "Consumers want to do business with companies that treat security seriously, and customers will reward those that do with loyalty. Those that do suffer a breach risk losing their customer base. This is a matter to be taken seriously."}
{"id": "doc10374", "text": "Carolyn Crandall is chief deception officer, Attivo Networks"}
{"id": "doc10375", "text": "A Mexican fast-casual chain is consolidating customer data for an improved experience."}
{"id": "doc10376", "text": "Qdoba Mexican Eats is launching its rewards program on the Paytronix CRM platform in an effort to better understand customer behavior and build more individually tailored offers. In addition, by migrating its rewards program to the Paytronix platform, Qdoba has been able to unify loyalty data with a new branded mobile app and an online ordering service based on Olo software. Qdoba is taking a “mobile-first” approach to customer engagement with its new branded app, which enables customers to order online and manage their individual rewards. Customers engage with Qdoba more frequently via mobile than any other digital channel. The retailer also intends for its new mobile app to help streamline its consistently busy lunch and dinner business and create added convenience across other dayparts.  Qdoba has also subscribed to the Paytronix Data Insights service, which provides big data processing and analytics. Working with the Paytronix Data Insights team, the retailer will be analyzing transactional data in order to better know customers and begin to develop one-to-one marketing strategies that deliver content and offers that are relevant to the individual consumer. In addition to identifying and communicating with its individual customers, Qdoba also aims to gain a deeper understanding of its catering customers."}
{"id": "doc10377", "text": "“Paytronix helps Qdoba make it easier for guests to engage with our brand while providing the insights that will help us better understand our guests, which enables us to create relevant offers and increase their visit frequency,” said Jill Adams, VP of marketing, Qdoba Mexican Eats. “Paytronix is the perfect platform to help improve the Qdoba rewards program and to help us scale the program over time.”"}
{"id": "doc10378", "text": "Qdoba operates more than 730 restaurants located across the U.S. and in Canada.  "}
{"id": "doc10379", "text": "Arc’teryx is automating fraud detection and analysis to ensure smooth global growth."}
{"id": "doc10380", "text": "The Canadian retailer, named for the first reptile to develop feathers for flight, recently overhauled its e-commerce business to prepare for continued global expansion and increase customer personalization. However, the company was hindered because of fraud, chargebacks, and a potentially cumbersome authentication experience that added friction to the online shopping process. "}
{"id": "doc10381", "text": "To overcome these obstacles, Arc’teryx is rolling out the artificial intelligence (AI)-driven Identity Trust Global Network fraud management solution from Kount. The solution links 2.7 billion fraud signals per interaction in real-time, enabling Arc’teryx to automate its fraud prevention decisions, reducing manual reviews and eliminating chargebacks. "}
{"id": "doc10382", "text": "In addition to blocking fraudulent and suspicious transactions, Arc’teryx is also leveraging Kount technology to identify trustworthy customers and deliver personalized user experiences to them."}
{"id": "doc10383", "text": "Networked data from the real-time Identity Trust Global Network is also enabling Arc’teryx to unlock new revenue streams. For example, the retailer previously had limited insight into region-specific fraud patterns. Now, it is able to identify high-value regions where it can focus its marketing efforts, while strategically reallocating resources away from low-trust geographies where fraud is rampant. Furthermore, Arc’teryx utilizes the Identity Trust Global Network’s adaptive AI capabilities to detect fraud patterns which vary from country to country depending on regional shopping habits. "}
{"id": "doc10384", "text": "“With Kount’s Identity Trust Network, we now have a real-time level of trust for each identity behind every customer interaction,” said Arc’teryx’s fraud prevention specialist. “This has empowered our teams to effectively fight fraud while at the same time enhancing customer satisfaction by enabling personalized experiences across the full spectrum of identity trust.”"}
{"id": "doc10385", "text": "Arc’teryx distributes products through more than 3,000 retail locations worldwide, including over 50 branded stores, as well as its e-commerce site.  "}
{"id": "doc10386", "text": "GNC Holdings Inc. is applying artificial intelligence (AI) to prevent fraud across channels."}
{"id": "doc10387", "text": "The health-and-wellness retailer is deploying AI-based technology from fraud prevention provider Kount to set risk thresholds with the goals of increasing approval rates, as well as reducing fraud losses and lowering operational costs. GNC is strengthening its enterprise security as it implements omnichannel features such as expanded online access to more products, buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS), and ship-to-store"}
{"id": "doc10388", "text": "To assist in these efforts, GNC conducted a thorough competitive analysis, which determined Kount offered the most agile, advanced digital fraud prevention solution on the market. The AI-based solution leverages supervised machine learning to consider historic data based on its network of billions of transactions over multiple payment networks, which is combined with unsupervised machine learning to detect linkages and anomalies faster and better than human judgment alone. GNC will set customizable controls."}
{"id": "doc10389", "text": "“The customer is at the core of everything we do at GNC,” said Tricia Tolivar, CFO, GNC. “We selected Kount because their technology delivers the flexibility and speed we need to rapidly expand our commerce initiatives with confidence. They’re a committed partner, guiding us through the process from implementation through transition and full deployment – all of which allows us to continue to best serve our customers while reducing fraud losses.”"}
{"id": "doc10390", "text": "Two primary obstacles are preventing U.S. retailers from conducting international online sales."}
{"id": "doc10391", "text": "According to a new study from fraud prevention provider Kount, payment platform BlueSnap, and Internet Retailer, global e-commerce will reach nearly $3.5 billion in 2019, and surpass global brick-and-mortar sales by 2036. "}
{"id": "doc10392", "text": "Although much of this growth is happening outside the U.S., the study finds fewer than half of U.S. retailers ship outside the country. North America’s top 1000 e-retailers did sell $143 billion worth of goods to customers outside the U.S. in 2018, but one retailer - Amazon - accounted for 44% of those international sales."}
{"id": "doc10393", "text": "A survey of 129 U.S. retailers found that two primary concerns are preventing more North American retailers from catering to international shoppers: fraud and the challenge of accepting foreign currencies and payment types. Sixty percent of respondents cited “currency and payment processing” as a top obstacle to international e-commerce. An identical 60% pointed to “fraud prevention.”"}
{"id": "doc10394", "text": "Other leading obstacles include customs duties (52%), local regulations and laws (50%), fulfillment (43%), and language (36%). Unsurprisingly, 77% of respondents said integrating payment processing and fraud protection functions would be critical or extremely critical to global e-commerce."}
{"id": "doc10395", "text": "Despite obstacles, 67% of respondents strongly or somewhat agreed that international e-commerce is a critical source of their e-commerce growth in the future, and 52% strongly or somewhat agreed that international e-commerce is suitable because they have many international customers and followers of their brand and products."}
{"id": "doc10396", "text": "The survey also revealed the top 10 challenges respondents say they face in global payments and fraud management. In order, they are fraud management, offering needed payment methods in the countries they do business, fighting chargebacks, finding the right payments/fraud solutions providers, offering the right currencies, reporting and reconciliation, cross-border fees, conversion rates, availability of suitable settlement currencies, and maintaining multiple integrations."}
{"id": "doc10397", "text": "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) sees competitive issues with a proposed acquisition of online shaving products retailer Harry’s Inc."}
{"id": "doc10398", "text": "The FTC is authorizing the Bureau of Competition to file suite to enjoin Edgewell Personal Care Company’s (Edgewell is the parent company of Schick’s) proposed $1.37 billion acquisition of what it says is Edgewell’s key competitor, Harry’s Inc. The FTC’s complaint alleges that the proposed combination would eliminate one of the most important competitive forces in the shaving industry. "}
{"id": "doc10399", "text": "“The loss of Harry’s as an independent competitor would remove a critical disruptive rival that has driven down prices and spurred innovation in an industry that was previously dominated by two main suppliers, one of whom is the acquirer,” the FTC said in a press release announcing the decision."}
{"id": "doc10400", "text": "The FTC has issued an administrative complaint, and has also authorized staff to file a complaint requesting a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia pending an administrative trial on the merits of the complaint."}
{"id": "doc10401", "text": "According to the FTC, Edgewell, Harry’s, and market leader Procter & Gamble are among the few significant competitors in the U.S. market for the manufacture and sale of men’s and women’s wet shave razors. Edgewell is also the leading supplier of private label razors in the United States. The complaint alleges that, for many years, Edgewell and Procter & Gamble operated their respective Schick and Gillette brands of men’s razors, and Intuition/Hydro Silk and Venus brands of women’s razors, as a “comfortable duopoly” characterized by annual price increases that were not driven by changes in costs or demand."}
{"id": "doc10402", "text": "Harry’s launched as an Internet-only, direct-to-consumer wet shave brand, and in 2016, Harry’s entered into brick-and-mortar retail stores. The FTC says as a result of this new competitive threat, Procter & Gamble and Edgewell reduced prices and developed previously unavailable value-priced products, generating “significant benefits” for consumers. The FTC complaint alleges the proposed acquisition would eliminate competition among suppliers of wet shave razors and would “inflict significant harm” on consumers of razors across the U.S."}
{"id": "doc10403", "text": "“Harry’s is a uniquely disruptive competitor in the wet shave market, and it has forced its rivals to offer lower prices, and more options, to consumers across the country,” said Daniel Francis, deputy director of the FTC’s Bureau of Competition. “The Harry’s and Flamingo brands represent a significant and growing competitive threat to the two firms that have dominated the wet shaving market for decades. Edgewell’s effort to short-circuit competition by buying up its newer rival promises serious harm to consumers.”"}
{"id": "doc10404", "text": "Executives from both Edgewell and Harry’s have released public commentary critical of the Feb. 3 FTC decision."}
{"id": "doc10405", "text": "“We continue to believe the combination of our two companies would bring together complementary capabilities for the benefit of all stakeholders, including customers,” said Rod Little, president and CEO of Edgewell. “We will review the FTCs decision and respond in due course."}
{"id": "doc10406", "text": "We are disappointed that the FTC is attempting to block our combination with Edgewell and are evaluating the best path forward,” said Jeff Raider and Andy Katz-Mayfield, co-founders and co-CEOs of Harrys, Inc. “We believe strongly that the combined company will deliver exceptional brands and products at a great value and are determined to bring those benefits to consumers."}
{"id": "doc10407", "text": "A new survey reveals a small percentage of shoppers are responsible for a large portion of returns."}
{"id": "doc10408", "text": "According to a new survey of 2019 holiday shoppers from omnichannel solutions provider goTRG, people who reported returning five or more items during the 2019 season made up just 16.3% of all holiday shoppers, but accounted for 40.69% of all items returned.  "}
{"id": "doc10409", "text": "People who returned items during the 2019 holiday season on average returned 2.59 items. However, on average, younger consumers returned more items, with a spike among consumers older than 60:"}
{"id": "doc10410", "text": "•    People age 18-29 who returned items averaged 3.08 items during the 2019 holiday season;•    People in the 30-44 age range who returned items averaged 2.63 during the 2019 holiday season;•    In the 45-60 range, the average was 2.32 items;•    In the over-60 range, the average was 2.64 items."}
{"id": "doc10411", "text": "The age group most likely to return an item during the 2019 holiday season was consumers aged 30-44, with 70.45% of them returning at least one item. The age group least likely to return an item was consumers over 60, as only 55.71% of them returned at least one item."}
{"id": "doc10412", "text": "Younger consumers were more likely to have returned multiple items. Consumers 44 and younger were 35% more likely to have returned two or more items than people 45 and older."}
{"id": "doc10413", "text": "Beyond the holiday season, goTRG also examined another group of bulk returners known as “bracket shoppers.” These are consumers who deliberately order multiple items online with the intent of returning most of them (typically apparel items). goTRG’s survey data found that those shoppers are overwhelmingly younger. Overall, 32.3% of shoppers say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most. But almost half of younger shoppers say they do this:"}
{"id": "doc10414", "text": "•    46.48% of shoppers age 18-29 say they buy multiple items with the intent of returning most•    And one-third (31.8%) of those bracket returners said they do it more now than they did a year ago. "}
{"id": "doc10415", "text": "Results also show retailers’ return experiences are generally staying the same or improving year-over-year:"}
{"id": "doc10416", "text": "•    25.46% of respondents say their in-store return experience was better this year.•    13.38% say their in-store return experience was worse.•    61.15% say their in-store return experience was about the same.•    25% say online return experience was better this year.•    9.26% say online return experience was worse.•    65.74% say online return experience was about the same."}
{"id": "doc10417", "text": "Other interesting findings include:"}
{"id": "doc10418", "text": "•    54.1% of respondents said the most common reason for returning items was size.•    28.2% said they returned items they simply didn’t like or need.•    8.3% said they returned items that were damaged or defective.•    7.1% said they returned items because they already had something similar.•    2.3% said they returned items because their order was filled incorrectly."}
{"id": "doc10419", "text": "For the seventh consecutive year, a U.S. tech giant took the top spot in a ranking of the world’s top 100 brands based on their value."}
{"id": "doc10420", "text": "Apple was ranked No. 1 in Interbrand’s “Best Global Brands 2019” report, with a total brand value of $234.24 billion.  Rounding out the top five were Google ($168 billion), Amazon ($125 billion), Microsoft ($109 billion) and Coca-Cola ($63 billion). (For the complete Top 100 ranking, visit bestglobalbrands.com.)"}
{"id": "doc10421", "text": "This is the 20th edition of the Interbrand report, whose ranking is based on three pieces of analysis: financial performance of the branded products or services; role the brand plays in purchase decisions; and the brand’s competitive strength and its ability to create loyalty and, therefore, sustainable demand and profit into the future."}
{"id": "doc10422", "text": "Mastercard (No. 62, $9.4 billion) demonstrated the fastest growth of any brand this year, showing a 25% increase in brand value, jumping eight places in the rankings.  Its ascent has been fueled in part by its transition from purely a financial services provider to a technology-forward enterprise. "}
{"id": "doc10423", "text": "The top growing sector for 2019 was luxury and retail with 15 luxury and retail brands making the top 100 — the sector saw the highest average brand value growth rate year-over-year at 11%.  The most successful brands in the luxury space are those that have adapted to rapid changes in the global marketplace, including catering to a younger consumer base whose stylistic tastes have shifted toward streetwear, who are tech-first in their purchasing habits, and who increasingly demand for shareable, memorable moments from any brick-and-mortar retail experiences, the report said."}
{"id": "doc10424", "text": "Twenty years on from our first report, customers today are more informed, more connected and more demanding than ever before through a combination of wealth of choice, erosion of loyalty and shifting frames of reference wanting immediacy, abundance and intimacy – all at the same time, said Charles Trevail, global CEO Interbrand. The age of brand positioning is over. In a world where customer expectations will continue to move faster than businesses, static brand positions and incremental change will just about keep brands in the game – but it will take, brave, we would say iconic, moves, to make brands leap ahead of customer expectations and ultimately deliver extraordinary business results."}
{"id": "doc10425", "text": "In some key take-aways from the report:•    Only 31 brands from the first report in 2000 remain on the list today, including Disney, Nike and Gucci. •    137 brands, such as Nokia and MTV, have dropped off the list in the intervening years. •    New entrants include Uber (No. 87) and LinkedIn (No. 98); •    Coca-Cola and Microsoft are the only brands to have retained top 10 spots since the first report was released. •    In 2001, the first year in which the table included 100 brands, the cumulative brand value residing in the worlds top 100 brands was $988 billion. Today, that value stands at $2.13 trillion, representing a 4.4% average compound annual growth rate (CAGR) and a more than doubling in total value."}
{"id": "doc10426", "text": "For the complete Top 100 ranking and the report with comprehensive analysis of growth, sector, and industry trends, click here. "}
{"id": "doc10427", "text": "Grocers seeking younger customers need to focus on technology and convenience."}
{"id": "doc10428", "text": "According to the “Consumer Connect Q4 2019” study from retail market intelligence firm IRI, the number one factor that will attract Gen Z shoppers to a particular grocery store is technology that makes shopping there more exciting (57%). While a good assortment of prepared/easy prep meal solutions comes in a close second (56%), Gen Z also look for grocery store features including online purchase with in-store pickup (46%) and subscription services for frequently purchased items (33%)."}
{"id": "doc10429", "text": "Millennial consumers showed similar results – a leading 57% look for grocery stores with prepared/easy prep meal solutions, but high percentages also favor online purchase with in-store pickup (48%), technology that makes shopping there more exciting (47%), and subscription services for frequently purchased items (32%)."}
{"id": "doc10430", "text": "Grocers and other retailers selling CPG items should pay attention to their e-commerce programs. Study results show that while e-commerce only represents 14% of omnichannel CPG sales, it represents 63% of omnichannel CPG growth. During the 52 weeks ending Dec. 29, 2019, CPG e-commerce sales totaled $90.8 billion, up 28.5% year-over-year."}
{"id": "doc10431", "text": "Examining what factors drive general store choice among all consumers, the study found top drivers include:"}
{"id": "doc10432", "text": "•    Lowest everyday prices (94%).•    Good sale prices (94%).•    Convenient location (92%).•    Allows you to fill basic needs at lowest possible cost (92%).•    Quick and easy in-and-out (90%).•    Assortment that allows for one-stop shopping (86%).•    Strong loyalty card discount program (86%)."}
{"id": "doc10433", "text": "Other interesting results include:"}
{"id": "doc10434", "text": "•    57% of all consumers say their household financial health is good.•    73% of all consumers say their household can easily afford needed groceries.•    53% of all consumers say their household is making ends meet rather easily."}
{"id": "doc10435", "text": "It appears that male shoppers are very price-conscious."}
{"id": "doc10436", "text": "Price is the number one consideration for men when it comes to making a purchase, according to a study of men’s shopping habits by daVinci Payments. And in line with current eco-friendly and cost-saving trends, men are also moving toward consignment and resale purchases more than ever before. More than 50% of respondents either frequently or regularly purchase used products or take advantage of rental sites."}
{"id": "doc10437", "text": "Two-thirds of respondents prefer richer rebates over instant discounts, the study found. In addition, 80% will spend back prepaid rewards when provided a savings offer with the reward."}
{"id": "doc10438", "text": "In other study findings:"}
{"id": "doc10439", "text": "•    The majority of male shoppers, especially younger men, have more income and buying power this year;•    Fifty-three percent do more than half of their total shopping online;•    Most prefer online shopping for its convenience;•    Forty-percent make more than half of their online purchases from their smartphone;•    The majority claim greater loyalty to brands that surprise them with savings offers;•    Sixty-seven percent believe name brands are 16% more expensive than private label brands; and•    Most men are neutral in preferences between name brands and private label brands."}
{"id": "doc10440", "text": "“Men’s price sensitivity and preference for rebates provides a significant opportunity to attract them with best in market price offers,” said Rodney Mason, daVinci Payments’ chief revenue officer “When their rebate reward is instantly delivered to their phone with a relevant offer attached, they say they will spend it back where the original purchase was made and it makes them more loyal.” As brands fight to foster loyalty among male shoppers, ongoing surprise offers and value rewards to encourage future spending will be key.”"}
{"id": "doc10441", "text": "H&M is giving its shoppers another payment option. "}
{"id": "doc10442", "text": "The fast-fashion giant, in collaboration with global payments provider Klarna, is deploying a new, personalized payment solution enabling a frictionless and flexible checkout for U.S. customers. With the new “Pay Later” solution, shoppers who are members of H&Ms loyalty program can shop now and pay later both online and in stores using the H&M app. The purchases are handled within the H&M app where customers can decide how and when they want to pay. "}
{"id": "doc10443", "text": "Shopping at H&M should be convenient, relevant and inspiring and we are happy to now offer fashion fans in the U.S. a whole new way of paying for their fashion finds,” said Stefan Vos, CFO, H&M North America. “Through the partnership with Klarna, we have developed an H&M-unique payment solution that offers our fans a truly modern shopping experience no matter where and how they choose to shop."}
{"id": "doc10444", "text": "The foundation of the Klarna and H&M partnership is a commitment to continuously develop smarter, simpler and engaging shopping experiences. We at Klarna are excited to now launch our leading Pay later offering together in the U.S. enabling a unique shopping experience for consumers - instore and online, said Sebastian Siemiatkowski, CEO at Klarna."}
{"id": "doc10445", "text": "Direct shopping on the Pinterest social platform just got a little easier."}
{"id": "doc10446", "text": "SmartCommerce, provider of the Click2Cart solution which enables placement of products into a virtual shopping cart with a single click, is joining the Pinterest Partner program. This partnership enables Pinterest users to more easily add products they discover on the platform to a shopping cart."}
{"id": "doc10447", "text": "“In fact, our CPG clients have seen some of their highest rates of conversion to carts from Pinterest, so we are very excited about broadening this partnership by joining the partner program,” said Jennifer Silverberg, CEO of SmartCommerce."}
{"id": "doc10448", "text": "Pinterest is integrating Click2Cart as part of a broader push to become a full-fledged e-commerce site. In July 2019, the visually-oriented social network began offering personalized shopping hubs at the top of users’ home feeds, as well as an updated shopping section allowing users to browse entire product catalogs and click directly to the checkout page on the retailer’s site if they would like to purchase a pinned item."}
{"id": "doc10449", "text": "In March 2019, Pinterest rolled out “Shop a brand,” a new dedicated section from retailers beneath product pins. Pinterest is also now offering personalized shopping recommendations alongside style, home, beauty, and DIY boards."}
{"id": "doc10450", "text": "Pinterest is upping the ante in its direct e-commerce efforts as rival visual social platform Instagram has also been making major inroads toward full-fledged e-commerce. During 2019, Instagram piloted or introduced e-commerce features including instant product launch notification, direct online shopping features such as [email protected], an assortment of shoppable products curated by a team of Instagram editors, and enabling select Instagram “creators” (such as Kim Kardashian West,) to tag products in their posts, making the products instantly shoppable."}
{"id": "doc10451", "text": "Pinterest users can now try on lipstick — virtually."}
{"id": "doc10452", "text": "The social platform is introducing an augmented reality-based service called Try On, supported by its Lens visual search solution, in its mobile app. Customers can open the Pinterest camera in search, click “try on” to find different lipstick shades, and swipe up to shop. They can virtually try on various products, save for later shopping, or buy through the retailer’s site. "}
{"id": "doc10453", "text": "Participating companies include Estée Lauder, Sephora, bareMinerals, and Neutrogena; as well as L’Oreal brands NYX Professional Makeup, YSL Beauté, Lancôme, and Urban Decay. A “try on” button will also appear on select products, as well as in search with related terms like “matte lipstick” or “red lips”."}
{"id": "doc10454", "text": "Pinterest has integrated Try On with its skin tone range feature, so users can see similar lip shades on skin tones that match their own. Customers can also take a photo of their virtual try-on and save it as a pin which they can shop later. The service does not feature skin smoothing or image altering effects to help ensure accurate virtual representations."}
{"id": "doc10455", "text": "In addition, below the Try On feature, users can browse “more like this” to see select pins with related looks. If customers see someone wearing a lip color they like in a pin, they will be able to try on a similar shade by clicking see similar looks.  Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing AR and virtual reality (VR) to provide customers a realistic digital view of how cosmetics products would look on them. Amazon and Macy’s are both leveraging artificial intelligence (AI)-based AR technology from ModiFace to enable its virtual cosmetic try-on experiences."}
{"id": "doc10456", "text": "Meanwhile, Ulta Beauty offers GlamLab, an AR-based mobile app feature that enables customers to see how different beauty products would look on them. The retailer is also piloting an AR-based try-on service in its stores. Other retailers leveraging AR for virtual cosmetics try-on include Sally Beauty and MAC Cosmetics."}
{"id": "doc10457", "text": "Try On for lipstick is currently available in the U.S. on iOS and Android mobile. Pinterest says there will be more categories to come."}
{"id": "doc10458", "text": "A leading fast-food chain is ensuring customers have wide access to consistent online information."}
{"id": "doc10459", "text": "Subway is partnering with online brand management firm Yext to provide brand-verified answers for more than 30,000 of its stores in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. Subway will provide information about its stores, including menus, addresses, and holiday hours, across more than 150 digital search platforms including Google, Alexa, Siri, and Facebook."}
{"id": "doc10460", "text": "Subway will also work with Yext to create custom site pages for all of its stores, enabling customers to find answers to questions about specific locations and transact directly. Transactions can range from placing an online order to requesting driving directions. Pages and listings will be automatically updated through Yexts direct integration into Subways marketing technology systems."}
{"id": "doc10461", "text": "Yext will give us the power to keep our information up-to-date on consumer platforms such as Google, Alexa, Siri, and more than 150 other search platforms,” said Mike Macrie, CIO of Subway. “Additionally, Yext will allow us to create home pages for each of our restaurants from one central platform, which will provide a consistent experience, reduce our administration costs, and make it easy for our customers to find each and every Subway location and the critical information they desire. This way, our guests can spend less time searching and more time enjoying their favorite meal at their favorite Subway location."}
{"id": "doc10462", "text": "A leading fast-food retailer is standardizing payments across channels, countries, and franchisees."}
{"id": "doc10463", "text": "Subway is connecting with payments platform provider Ayden to offer integrated frictionless payments across online, mobile, and in-store channels. The retailer will deploy an end-to-end payments infrastructure connecting directly to Visa, Mastercard, and consumers globally preferred payment methods."}
{"id": "doc10464", "text": "As a result, Subway hopes to create a simpler and more customer-centric payment experience in-store, online and via mobile app. In addition to easing the process of adding new stores, markets or regions, Subway also intends to leverage Ayden technology to automate franchisee onboarding. The solution features a franchisee dashboard that includes reconciliation of all payment methods, refunds and terminal fleet management."}
{"id": "doc10465", "text": "In addition, Subway can obtain a single data view and shopper insights across all channels and franchisees, including revenue by channel, franchisee, or store. Subway will also receive support for preferred payment methods, including in-app, terminals, mobile wallets, local payment methods, gift cards, loyalty systems and auto-detection of foreign language preferences."}
{"id": "doc10466", "text": "Our goal remains the same – to provide guests with a world-class and seamless Subway experience, said Mike Macrie, CIO of Subway. As we continue our digital push to offer our guests greater convenience and more options, Adyens payment platform will further allow Subway to bring the latest digital payment technologies to market, while removing operational complexities for our franchise owners."}
{"id": "doc10467", "text": "Subway operates more than 40,000 stores globally, with more than 21,000 franchisees."}
{"id": "doc10468", "text": "Subway is naming a veteran executive as chief marketing officer for North America."}
{"id": "doc10469", "text": "The fast-food sandwich chain is appointing Carrie Walsh as chief marketing officer, North America. She will be responsible for driving the brands North America marketing and advertising strategy, as well as defining global brand standards and marketing strategies throughout Subways international markets."}
{"id": "doc10470", "text": "Walsh joins Subway with more than 15 years of experience across the restaurant, retail, and CPG industries. Most recently, Walsh led marketing for Michaels Stores. Walsh also previously held the chief marketing officer role for Yum! Brands Pizza Hut, where she led teams across marketing disciplines including calendar planning, menu insights and innovation, creative and advertising development, and digital marketing and media. Additionally, Walsh also spent eight years at PepsiCo leading marketing for various brands including SunChips and Cheetos."}
{"id": "doc10471", "text": "I have been a Subway customer and brand fan throughout my life and am thrilled to be joining this iconic brand and great team, said Walsh."}
{"id": "doc10472", "text": "In addition, Subway also named Robin Seward as senior VP of marketing strategy and planning; Aidan Hay as VP of operations, North America; and Bill McCane as VP of global development. Seward will oversee all marketing planning for the U.S. including sponsorships, partnerships, menu architecture and design, and the marketing calendar to execute the brands business goals. Hay will be responsible for developing strategic company initiatives that drive restaurant and operational excellence. McCane will spearhead Subways development strategies, including overseeing the execution of company programs to cultivate new corporate partnerships. "}
{"id": "doc10473", "text": "We are thrilled to have such dynamic, industry leaders join the Subway team, adding to an already impressive roster of talent here in Milford and across the globe, Said subway CEO Trevor Haynes. I look forward to their expertise in helping us build upon our unwavering commitment to provide every guest with a great experience, and every franchise owner with the tools for success."}
{"id": "doc10474", "text": "Casper has made two important hires amid its ongoing expansion across channels, including brick and mortar. "}
{"id": "doc10475", "text": "The digitally native mattress retailer has appointed Emilie Arel as president and chief commercial officer. Previously, Arel was the CEO of FullBeauty Brands, and also CEO of Quidsi, an Amazon company.  Prior to Quidsi, Arel held multiple leadership positions at Gap Inc. "}
{"id": "doc10476", "text": "“Casper has reinvented the shopping experience with a multichannel approach that meets consumers wherever they are—online, in branded stores, or with retail partners,” said Arel. “I’m honored to help propel a company with such a coveted mix of strong fundamentals, best-in-class products, and a magnetic brand into its next growth chapter.”"}
{"id": "doc10477", "text": "Casper also named Ben Clark as chief technology officer. Clark joins Casper from Wayfair, where, most recently as chief architect, he spent several years strengthening and evolving the home goods e-commerce company’s tech platform while expanding the engineering team through several critical stages of its ongoing growth."}
{"id": "doc10478", "text": "“Adding world-class, experienced leaders remains critical as we try to keep up with global demand across the growing business of sleep,” said Philip Krim, CEO and co-founder at Casper. “Our team—combined with our innovative sleep offerings, exceptional customer experiences, and relentless focus on our long-term vision—uniquely positions Casper to become the world’s go-to brand for better sleep.”"}
{"id": "doc10479", "text": "In addition to its e-commerce site, Casper operates more than 50 stores across North America. Its products are also available in select retailers, including Target."}
{"id": "doc10480", "text": "Casper also announced that Diane Irvine has joined its board as an independent director.  Irvine,  chairperson of the board at Yelp, previously served  as CFO and CEO of online jewelry retailer Blue Nile. "}
{"id": "doc10481", "text": "Jack Lazar has also joined the Casper board as an independent direction. He has previously served as the CFO of multiple public companies, including GoPro and Atheros Communications, and was a senior VP/general manager at Qualcomm. He currently sits on the boards of brands like thredUP and Tile, as well as Mellanox, Silicon Labs, and Residio. "}
{"id": "doc10482", "text": "In addition to its global e-commerce business, Casper owns and operates more than 50 Sleep Shops across North America and its products are available at retailers, including Target and Hudson’s Bay."}
{"id": "doc10483", "text": "The New Year brought with it with minimum wage hikes in a total of 26 states and the District of Columbia."}
{"id": "doc10484", "text": "That’s according to an analysis by payroll experts Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. The report noted that California was set to raise the minimum wage rates by $1 on January 1 ($12.00 per hour for employers with 25 employees or less, and $13.00 per hour for employers with 26 employees or more)."}
{"id": "doc10485", "text": "The minimum wage has gone up to $11 an hour for most workers in New Jersey, and to $11.80 for most places in New York State. (New York Citys. minimum wage is set at $15.00 per hour for all employers.)"}
{"id": "doc10486", "text": "Here is a summary by Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. of the states that will be impacted by minimum wage increases in 2020:"}
{"id": "doc10487", "text": "  Alaska"}
{"id": "doc10488", "text": "$10.19 per hour, up thirty cents from $9.89 per hour, based on a 3% increase in the cost of living. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation. School bus drivers are to be paid two times the minimum wage."}
{"id": "doc10489", "text": "Arizona"}
{"id": "doc10490", "text": "$12 per hour, up from $11 per hour.  In addition, employees are entitled to paid sick leave, at the rate of one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked, but with limits based on the size of the employer."}
{"id": "doc10491", "text": "Arkansas"}
{"id": "doc10492", "text": "$10.00, up from $9.25 per hour. The minimum wage will reach $11.00 by 2021."}
{"id": "doc10493", "text": "California"}
{"id": "doc10494", "text": "$13.00 per hour, for businesses with 26 or more employees; $12.00 for smaller employers. On April 4, 2016, California Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. signed legislation to gradually raise the state minimum wage with annual increases to reach $15 by 2022 for businesses with 26 or more employees and by 2023 for smaller employers. The plan also allows for the Governor to pause wage hikes, to be determined by September 1 of each year for the next year, if negative economic or budgetary conditions emerge. "}
{"id": "doc10495", "text": "Colorado"}
{"id": "doc10496", "text": "$12.00 per hour, up from $11.10 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10497", "text": "Connecticut"}
{"id": "doc10498", "text": "$11 per hour, scheduled to increase to $12 on September 1, 2020. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15 per hour in 2023."}
{"id": "doc10499", "text": "District of Columbia"}
{"id": "doc10500", "text": "$14.00 per hour. The minimum wage is scheduled to increase to $15.00 on July 1, 2020.  The minimum wage for tipped employees is $4.45, and is scheduled to increase to $5 per hour on July 1, 2020. Starting in 2021 both wage rates will be adjusted based on inflation. DC Law 21-144 (Act 21-429; B21-712), effective from August 19, 2016 (63 DC Register 11135)."}
{"id": "doc10501", "text": "Florida"}
{"id": "doc10502", "text": "$8.56 per hour, up 10 cents, based on a 1.12% increase in the cost of living. Tipped employees must be paid $5.54 per hour, also up 10 cents from the 2019 rate. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation."}
{"id": "doc10503", "text": "Illinois"}
{"id": "doc10504", "text": "$9.25 per hour, up from $8.25. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15 in 2025."}
{"id": "doc10505", "text": "Maine"}
{"id": "doc10506", "text": "$12 per hour, up from $11."}
{"id": "doc10507", "text": "Maryland"}
{"id": "doc10508", "text": "Beginning in 2020, the minimum wage is $11, increasing at different increments to reach $15 in 2025 for large employers and in 2026 for small employers. "}
{"id": "doc10509", "text": "Massachusetts"}
{"id": "doc10510", "text": "$12.75 per hour, an increase of 75 cents. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15.00 by 2023."}
{"id": "doc10511", "text": "Michigan"}
{"id": "doc10512", "text": "$9.65, up from $9.45 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10513", "text": "Minnesota"}
{"id": "doc10514", "text": "$10.00 per hour (up from $9.86) for employees of large employers with an annual gross volume of sales not less than $500,000. Small employers must pay employees a minimum wage of at least $8.15 per hour (up from $8.04)."}
{"id": "doc10515", "text": "Missouri"}
{"id": "doc10516", "text": "$9.45, up from $8.60 per hour. The minimum wage will increase by 85 cents per hour each year until 2023, when the state minimum wage will reach $12.00 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10517", "text": "Montana"}
{"id": "doc10518", "text": "$8.65 per hour, up 15 cents, based on a 1.75% change in the cost of living and rounded to the nearest 5 cents. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation."}
{"id": "doc10519", "text": "Nevada"}
{"id": "doc10520", "text": "$8.25 per hour for employees who do not receive health benefits, to increase to $9.00 on July 1, 2020. $7.25 per hour for employees who do receive health benefits applies, to increase to $8.00 eff. July 1, 2020."}
{"id": "doc10521", "text": "New Jersey"}
{"id": "doc10522", "text": "$11.00 per hour for most employees, up from $10.00 per hour. $10.30 per hour for those in seasonal employment, who work on a farm for an hourly or piece-rate wage, or who work for an employer with fewer than six employees. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15.00 for most employees in 2024, and for those in seasonal employment, who work on a farm for an hourly or piece-rate wage, or who work for an employer with fewer than six employees in 2026."}
{"id": "doc10523", "text": "New Mexico"}
{"id": "doc10524", "text": "$9.00 per hour, up from $7.50. The minimum wage will increase to $12.00 in 2023."}
{"id": "doc10525", "text": "New York"}
{"id": "doc10527", "text": "The minimum wage for workers in fast food establishments is $15 per hour in New York City and $13.75 per hour in the rest of the state."}
{"id": "doc10528", "text": "The minimum wage at all airports (LaGuardia, JFK and Newark Liberty International) is $15.60, and will reach $19 in 2023."}
{"id": "doc10529", "text": "Ohio"}
{"id": "doc10530", "text": "$8.70 per hour, up 15 cents from $8.55 per hour, based on a 1.5% increase in the cost of living. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation. The minimum wage rate applies to employees of businesses with annual gross receipts of $319,000 per year (changed from $314,000 in 2019). For employees at smaller companies and for 14- and 15-year-olds, the state minimum wage is $7.25 per hour, which is tied to the federal rate."}
{"id": "doc10531", "text": "Oregon"}
{"id": "doc10532", "text": "The state minimum wage is tiered, with the highest rate in the Metro Portland area at $12.50 per hour ($13.25 eff. July 1, 2020), the lowest in rural (non-Urban) areas at $11.00 per hour ($11.50 eff. July 1, 2020), and a minimum wage of $11.25 per hour ($12.00 eff. July 1, 2020) in the rest of the state. Scheduled increases per S.B. 1532, L. 2016."}
{"id": "doc10533", "text": "Pennsylvania"}
{"id": "doc10534", "text": "$7.25 per hour, but $12.00 for employees under Governors jurisdiction."}
{"id": "doc10535", "text": "Rhode Island"}
{"id": "doc10536", "text": "$10.50 per hour per H.B. 5175, L. 2017."}
{"id": "doc10537", "text": "South Dakota"}
{"id": "doc10538", "text": "$9.30 per hour, up 20 cents from $9.10 per hour, based on a 1.7% increase in the cost of living. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation."}
{"id": "doc10539", "text": "Vermont"}
{"id": "doc10540", "text": "$10.96 per hour. This is an 18-cent scheduled increase over the current $10.78 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10541", "text": "Washington"}
{"id": "doc10542", "text": "$13.50 per hour, for employees who have reached the age of 18, per voter-approved Initiative 1433, effective January 1, 2017."}
{"id": "doc10543", "text": "The Department of Labor and Industries will resume calculating the minimum wage for calendar years 2021 and beyond, based on increases in the cost of living. Workers under 16 years old can be paid 85 percent of the adult minimum wage, or $11.48 per hour, in 2020. The initiative also guarantees paid sick time to workers, allowing workers to accrue one hour of paid sick leave for every 40 hours worked."}
{"id": "doc10544", "text": "*The above excludes minimum wage rates in Seattle."}
{"id": "doc10545", "text": "October is shaping up as a busy month for Dick’s Sporting Goods."}
{"id": "doc10546", "text": "The sporting goods retailer will open five namesake stores and two Golf Galaxy stores in October. Following the openings of the new locations, the company will have a total of 732 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores and 95 Golf Galaxy stores in 47 states. "}
{"id": "doc10547", "text": "The locations and opening dates of the new stores are listed below."}
{"id": "doc10548", "text": "Dicks Sporting Goods "}
{"id": "doc10549", "text": "City/State"}
{"id": "doc10550", "text": "Store Location"}
{"id": "doc10552", "text": "Miami"}
{"id": "doc10553", "text": "Shops at Beacon Lakes"}
{"id": "doc10554", "text": "1720 NW 117th Place"}
{"id": "doc10555", "text": "Miami, FL 33182"}
{"id": "doc10556", "text": "October 11-13"}
{"id": "doc10557", "text": "Waterbury, Conn."}
{"id": "doc10558", "text": "Brass Mill Commons"}
{"id": "doc10559", "text": "275 Union St."}
{"id": "doc10560", "text": "Waterbury, CT 06705"}
{"id": "doc10561", "text": "October 11-13"}
{"id": "doc10562", "text": "West Jordan, Utah"}
{"id": "doc10563", "text": "Jordan Landing"}
{"id": "doc10564", "text": "7682 S. Campus Drive"}
{"id": "doc10565", "text": "West Jordan, UT 84084"}
{"id": "doc10566", "text": "October 11-13"}
{"id": "doc10567", "text": "Conroe, Texas"}
{"id": "doc10568", "text": "336 Marketplace "}
{"id": "doc10569", "text": "251 S. Loop 336 West"}
{"id": "doc10570", "text": "Conroe, TX 77304"}
{"id": "doc10571", "text": "October 25-27"}
{"id": "doc10572", "text": "Golf Galaxy"}
{"id": "doc10573", "text": "City/State"}
{"id": "doc10574", "text": "Store Location"}
{"id": "doc10576", "text": "Downers Grove, Ill."}
{"id": "doc10577", "text": "Butterfield Plaza"}
{"id": "doc10578", "text": "1434 Butterfield Road"}
{"id": "doc10579", "text": "Downers Grove, IL 60515"}
{"id": "doc10580", "text": "October 26-27"}
{"id": "doc10581", "text": "DICKS Sporting Goods and Golf Galaxy"}
{"id": "doc10582", "text": "City/State"}
{"id": "doc10583", "text": "Store Location"}
{"id": "doc10585", "text": "Dallas"}
{"id": "doc10586", "text": "Best Buy Plaza"}
{"id": "doc10588", "text": "Dallas, TX 75231"}
{"id": "doc10589", "text": "October 26-27"}
{"id": "doc10590", "text": "Three retailers and one restaurant chain are tops when it comes to delivering customer service."}
{"id": "doc10591", "text": "Neiman Marcus came in second in a ranking by Newsweek Media as one of Americas Best Customer Service Brands (Disney Cruise Line was No.1). The other retail brands that cracked the top 10 were Chick-fil-A (No. 5), L.V. Bean (No.6) and Publix (No. 9). A full list of the top 10 is at end of article."}
{"id": "doc10592", "text": "The Newsweek ranking was based on an independent survey of more than 20,000 U.S. customers conducted by global market research firm Statista, which ranked retailers and service providers in 160 categories overall. "}
{"id": "doc10593", "text": "In addition to ranking the brands overall, the Newsweek survey also listed the top brands in 160 different consumer categories (to see the entire list on Newsweek.com click here). "}
{"id": "doc10594", "text": "Here is a look at some of the top brick-and mortar brands by category:"}
{"id": "doc10595", "text": "Here are the top 10 brands overall:"}
{"id": "doc10596", "text": "1"}
{"id": "doc10597", "text": "Disney Cruise Line"}
{"id": "doc10598", "text": "2"}
{"id": "doc10599", "text": "Neiman Marcus"}
{"id": "doc10600", "text": "3"}
{"id": "doc10601", "text": "The Ritz-Carlton"}
{"id": "doc10602", "text": "4"}
{"id": "doc10603", "text": "Edward Jones"}
{"id": "doc10604", "text": "5"}
{"id": "doc10605", "text": "Chick-fil-A"}
{"id": "doc10606", "text": "6"}
{"id": "doc10607", "text": "L.L.Bean"}
{"id": "doc10608", "text": "7"}
{"id": "doc10609", "text": "National Storage Affiliates"}
{"id": "doc10610", "text": "8"}
{"id": "doc10611", "text": "Embassy Suites"}
{"id": "doc10612", "text": "9"}
{"id": "doc10613", "text": "Publix"}
{"id": "doc10614", "text": "10"}
{"id": "doc10615", "text": "Beau Coup"}
{"id": "doc10616", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10617", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10618", "text": "A well-known consumer electronics chain beats Amazon and Walmart when it comes to share of Google page one results."}
{"id": "doc10619", "text": "According to a study of Q4 2019 Google search results from Searchmetrics, Bestbuy.com is the most visible website in Google page one results when people search for consumer electronics topics such as computers, laptops, video and mobile phones. Bestbuy.com holds 28% of market share for Google page one results."}
{"id": "doc10620", "text": "This is more than twice second place-holder Amazon.com (13%). Walmart.com (8%), Newegg.com (6%) and Costco.com (4%) rounded out the top five retailer results. Interestingly, the website for cable news channel CNN beat out Costco.com with a 5% share in the consumer electronics search category."}
{"id": "doc10621", "text": "For specific mobile phone-related searches, T-mobile.com took first place with 28% share of Google page one results, easily beating second-place Bestbuy.com (13%). Amazon.com (11%), Gearbest.com (10.5%), and ATT.com (10%) followed."}
{"id": "doc10622", "text": "The study also suggests that retailers who sell consumer electronics should target videos, images, Google Shopping ads, and other features or widgets (known collectively as SERP features) that Google regularly integrates directly into its page one search results. "}
{"id": "doc10623", "text": "SERP Feature"}
{"id": "doc10624", "text": "Mobile"}
{"id": "doc10625", "text": "Desktop"}
{"id": "doc10626", "text": "Videos"}
{"id": "doc10627", "text": "76%"}
{"id": "doc10628", "text": "41%"}
{"id": "doc10629", "text": "Images"}
{"id": "doc10630", "text": "60%"}
{"id": "doc10631", "text": "62%"}
{"id": "doc10632", "text": "Related Questions"}
{"id": "doc10633", "text": "88%"}
{"id": "doc10634", "text": "89%"}
{"id": "doc10635", "text": "Google Shopping Ads"}
{"id": "doc10636", "text": "63%"}
{"id": "doc10637", "text": "64%"}
{"id": "doc10638", "text": "AMP"}
{"id": "doc10639", "text": "97%"}
{"id": "doc10640", "text": "N/A"}
{"id": "doc10641", "text": "AMP (accelerated mobile pages) is a Google-backed system that lets websites create faster loading pages, initially introduced to help news and media sites create a user-friendly mobile experience. AMP can be displayed in a variety of ways including in news carousels and other designated spaces in search results. "}
{"id": "doc10642", "text": "“The top retail sites are estimated to average around 66% transactional traffic, compared with only 34% traffic from informational searches. It can be important for e-commerce-focused sites to attract ‘top of the funnel’ informational traffic from people who may be searching for background information ahead of making a purchase decision,” said Tyson Stockton, director of services, Searchmetrics. “Creating informative content to address these types of queries should be an important part of retailers’ content marketing strategies. This content can be targeted toward expanding existing category pages or through related topics in editorial sections of the site.”"}
{"id": "doc10643", "text": "Searchmetrics analyzed Google’s US search results for 1,000 keywords related to consumer electronics topics in Q4 2019."}
{"id": "doc10644", "text": "New search and purchasing data from digital commerce technology provider Bloomreach indicates that Valentine’s Day 2020 was a last-minute mobile shopping bonanza."}
{"id": "doc10645", "text": "Mobile e-commerce was the top source of last-minute sales, increasing by 43% from 2019. Mobile traffic increased by 94% on February 13 from 2019. Desktop shopping saw far less growth, with only a 7% bump in sales and 8% increase in traffic the night before Valentine’s day, compared to 2019."}
{"id": "doc10646", "text": "In addition, “cliché” items such as flowers and jewelry declined in sales by 13% and 36%, respectively. Lingerie and dine-in options making up the biggest percentages of revenue."}
{"id": "doc10647", "text": "These findings support recent data from mobile marketing firm Adjust indicating in-app shopping activity increases by 11% on Valentine’s Day (Feb. 14), compared to the rest of the month of February. In particular, food and drink apps see a 20% increase on Valentine’s Day. "}
{"id": "doc10648", "text": "East Rutherford, N.J.’s new mega mall is spreading some love this month. "}
{"id": "doc10649", "text": "American Dream has released a schedule of events celebrating Valentine’s Day. Themed photobooths and an Instagram-worthy L-O-V-E installation will be available for visitors. "}
{"id": "doc10650", "text": "Sephora, which is opening soon, will be on-site for complimentary mini-makeover services. Also, Lovepop, a laser-cut pop-up card retailer opening soon at American Dream, will help visitors find the perfect Valentine. "}
{"id": "doc10651", "text": "There will be floral arrangements from local florist, Unique Flowers, and hand-painted, artisanal chocolates from Chocolate Studio for sale."}
{"id": "doc10652", "text": "Ulta will be at The Rink with exclusive Valentine’s Day product giveaways. "}
{"id": "doc10653", "text": "On Feb. 8, the Underdog Initiative in partnership with Animal Lighthouse Rescue will be at the mall with dogs and puppies available for adoption. "}
{"id": "doc10654", "text": "On Feb. 14, sweethearts can attend a Valentine’s Day ice-skating evening at The Rink. Skate rentals will be free, while DJ Prince Hakim spins sweet tunes. "}
{"id": "doc10655", "text": "Click here for event dates and times."}
{"id": "doc10656", "text": "A tech-focused e-tailer is running its second major online sales event of 2020."}
{"id": "doc10657", "text": "The new year is only a month old, but Newegg is following up its January “19th Anniversary Sale-a-Bration” event with a Valentine’s Day-themed sale and sweepstakes. The retailer’s “14 Days of Giveaways” promotion kicked off Saturday, Feb. 1 with a 72-hour sale ending midnight on Monday, Feb. 3."}
{"id": "doc10658", "text": "In addition, through Friday, Feb. 14, Newegg customers can enter online to be eligible for a range of sweepstakes prizes, including PC hardware, an ultrabook and a gaming desktop computer. As part of the event, Newegg is running a “Tech is in the Air” sale from Feb. 4-14, and a President’s Day-themed “Stars, Stripes & Savings” sale from Feb. 11-17. "}
{"id": "doc10659", "text": "“At Newegg, we love our customers and this sweepstakes is a fitting way for us to reciprocate their loyalty with some of the latest tech gear,” said Anthony Chow, president of Newegg. “Our 14 Days of Giveaways is a prolonged celebration of Valentine’s Day, and an appropriate way for us to give back to our customers that truly embodies the spirit of the holiday.”"}
{"id": "doc10660", "text": "Newegg also runs an annual “FantasTech” online tech product sale in July to compete with Amazon Prime Day and a “Smart September” promotion."}
{"id": "doc10661", "text": "1-800-Flowers.com is rolling out enhancements across its digital, mobile and voice channels."}
{"id": "doc10662", "text": "The specialty gift retailer is attempting to streamline its omnichannel shopping experience as the Valentine’s Day rush approaches. The new features 1-800-Flowers is unveiling include an intelligent virtual assistant (IVA) which combines artificial intelligence (AI) and human interaction."}
{"id": "doc10663", "text": "The IVA enables customers to perform voice-based self-service tasks such as tracking order status, applying order modifications, and browsing FAQs without live agent support. Natural language processing (NLP) technology enables customers to speak naturally when interacting with automated voice assistants."}
{"id": "doc10664", "text": "In addition, a hybridized customer care system recognizes customer intent and communicates with live agents to eliminate wait times and help route and solve customer queries as efficiently as possible. And an adaptable, AI-powered agent learns with each customer interaction, using order history and phone number recognition, to provide increasingly-personalized service to returning customers over time. "}
{"id": "doc10665", "text": "Furthermore, 1-800-Flowers has revamped its mobile app and desktop site. App features include a one-tap buying experience in the new “trending gifts” section, a personalized “Blooms for You” newsfeed with personalized updates on product introductions, promotional offers and calendar reminders, self-service order tracking, live interaction with a gift concierge via Apple Business Chat through iMessage on iOS, and a gift finder with tailored product recommendations. "}
{"id": "doc10666", "text": "Other new mobile features include a 3D and augmented reality (AR) tool that enables shoppers to preview top-selling Valentine’s Day arrangements in 3D and then in their own spaces with AR using their mobile devices. On Apple Pay-enabled devices, customers can also seamlessly check out and pay within the AR experience. "}
{"id": "doc10667", "text": "For all mobile transactions, 1-800-Flowers is now accepting payment through Venmo. Additionally, for the first time, Venmo and other digital payment wallets, including Apple Pay and Google Pay, can be used in the retailer’s continuity programs."}
{"id": "doc10668", "text": "Desktop enhancements include faster loading times and an image optimization tool that enhances site speed and performance while depicting clearer and more vivid imagery to users, streamlined checkout forms, a seamless shipping information page and address auto-complete with Google Maps, complimentary e-cards, and one-click log-in."}
{"id": "doc10669", "text": "“As customers prepare to find the perfect gift for their Valentine, we are pleased to introduce new and unique ways to interact with 1-800-Flowers.com while providing a significantly enhanced shopping journey,” said Tom Hartnett, president, 1-800-Flowers.com. “We believe gift-givers will enjoy the increasingly-sophisticated and highly-personalized experience they’ll encounter as they look to express, connect and celebrate with those they love in the coming weeks – and well beyond.”"}
{"id": "doc10670", "text": "A British retail giant is combining employee communication channels to enable real-time, collaborative shift management."}
{"id": "doc10671", "text": "Marks & Spencer is deploying the JDA workforce management solution, integrated with the Microsoft Teams unified communication platform, to help ensure each of its 700 stores and 80,000 employees can have the right shifts at the right time. Each store has an average of 80-100 employees with an average of 300 shifts per week, and 10 to 20 shift changes per store per day."}
{"id": "doc10672", "text": "The latest version of JDA workforce management leverages Microsoft Azure and by opening up connectivity to Teams, employees can swap shifts, make time-off requests, and perform other scheduling tasks via desktop or mobile, regardless of their location."}
{"id": "doc10673", "text": "“It’s absolutely critical that we have our colleagues focused on serving customers, with the right people doing the right job at the right time, ultimately improving the customer experience,” said Sacha Berendji, retail, operations and property director, Marks & Spencer. “Working with JDA and key ecosystem partners, we now have a powerful, efficient, insight-driven advanced scheduling system in place that allows us to be more agile in the way we run our store operations.”"}
{"id": "doc10674", "text": "JDA gold partner REPL helped Marks & Spencer with implementation and customization of the technology."}
{"id": "doc10675", "text": "Foot Locker Inc. is officially rolling out its new unified FLX membership program in North America."}
{"id": "doc10676", "text": "Members of FLX receive rewards for shopping and engaging across all six U.S. Foot Locker brands - Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Footaction, and Eastbay. FLX, which has already launched in select European countries and will continue to expand to additional Foot Locker global regions, is free to join and offers free shipping on all orders with no minimums, although some exclusions may apply."}
{"id": "doc10677", "text": "Members will earn 100 “XPoints” loyalty points per dollar spent in-store and online at all Foot Locker brands, and can also earn points by completing online activities such as surveys, shopping preferences, and connecting social media accounts. The program has three membership tiers: X1, X2 and X3, each providing additional benefits. Existing higher tier members of Foot Lockers legacy programs will receive 2,000 or 3,000 XPoints respectively, dependent on tier when migrating their membership account to FLX."}
{"id": "doc10678", "text": "FLX also offers a centralized redemption center where members can redeem their XPoints for unique rewards. The center features exclusive experiences and offerings, with a user experience Foot Locker says it will update regularly. Other features include the ability to redeem points for “Head Starts” that can improve the chances of securing launch products via the Foot Locker, Footaction, and Champs Sports apps."}
{"id": "doc10679", "text": "I am so proud of our associates. An incredible amount of thoughtful planning has gone into building FLX, our new global membership program that continues to put our consumers top of mind, said Richard Johnson, chairman and CEO of Foot Locker Inc. FLX rewards our customers for engaging and shopping across our family of brands by giving them exclusive access to great experiences, unique offerings and our most coveted products."}
{"id": "doc10680", "text": "A comfort footwear and orthotics brand wants your shoes to fit perfectly, regardless of where you buy them."}
{"id": "doc10681", "text": "Chain Store Age recently spoke with Larry Schwartz, CEO of Aetrex Worldwide, about the company’s new partnership with fashion personalization and customer experience platform True Fit. "}
{"id": "doc10682", "text": "In addition to selling its own custom footwear and orthotics products, Aetrex also runs the foot health site foot.com and has developed its proprietary “Albert” 3D foot scanner technology. The technology uses computer vision, sensor, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning technologies to determine individual consumer data such as size, length, width, height, pressure, and arch type in under one minute."}
{"id": "doc10683", "text": "How is Aetrex working with True Fit?"}
{"id": "doc10684", "text": "“We have joined in a strategic partnership to combine True Fit’s Fashion Genome connected data set and personal size, fit and style recommendations with the Aetrex technology suite, including our Albert 3D foot scanner, Fit HQ AI solution, and Albert mobile applications. The result is an interactive, omnichannel experience that connects in-store foot scanning data to direct the shopper and recommends the best-fitting footwear for both their foot type and fit and style preferences.  "}
{"id": "doc10685", "text": "“The foot scans will enrich each shopper’s True Fit profile, and will enhance accuracy and relevance of the footwear recommendations anywhere True Fit is available. True Fit currently serves personal style, fit, and size recommendations to over 125 million True Fit registered users globally across its network of retailers and partners. This new partnership enhances True Fit’s ability to serve consumers in store and digitally by creating an engaging way for shoppers to interact in the store with sales associates, enrich their True Fit profiles, and increase their chances of finding a pair of shoes they’ll love and keep.”"}
{"id": "doc10686", "text": "What does this technology partnership enable?"}
{"id": "doc10687", "text": "“This partnership is particularly useful for consumers with special foot fit and sizing considerations, as well as specific performance needs. Aetrex 3D foot scans add an extra layer of data that represents a more nuanced view of the foot. By giving consumers the option of adding the additional 3D scan data to their True Fit profile, True Fit and Aetrex aim to provide better shoe recommendations in store and everywhere they shop digitally.” "}
{"id": "doc10688", "text": "What about this offering is new and notable for stores?"}
{"id": "doc10689", "text": "“Providing the right style, fit, and size the first time helps retailers create a better customer service experience, resulting in an increase in customer loyalty. This means higher sales conversions, higher rate of trying new brands and styles, higher keep rate on orders with multiple items, and 30-50% reduction of size-related returns for True Fit users. For merchants, marketers, and product designers, the addition of 3D foot scans increases understanding of consumers, product knowledge, product design, and merchandising.  "}
{"id": "doc10690", "text": "“In addition, parents have a new tool at their disposal to improve their ability to get their child into the best size. Retail associates are further enabled as fit experts and personal shoppers, and newer employees can be almost as efficient and effective as their best store associates starting on day one.”"}
{"id": "doc10691", "text": "How does it impact and benefit shoppers?"}
{"id": "doc10692", "text": "“Shoppers benefit by having increased confidence to make a purchase knowing that the shoes being recommended are considering an even more nuanced view of their foot, combining True Fit’s rich style preference and deep product information with Aetrex’s detail 3D foot scan data. Shoppers themselves or the store associate are now able to quickly locate personalized footwear options based on their foot dimensions, preferences, and the inventory available in store or online from a particular retailer.”"}
{"id": "doc10693", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10694", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10695", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10696", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10697", "text": "A celebrity-founded activewear retailer is creating a frictionless shopping experience across channels."}
{"id": "doc10698", "text": "Co-founded as a digitally native retailer by actress Kate Hudson in 2013, Fabletics is supporting a continuing expansion into the brick-and-mortar space with the development and deployment of OmniSuite, a proprietary cloud-based enterprise retail platform. OmniSuite combines e-commerce, POS and order management solutions with back-office systems, with the goal of bridging the gap between in-store and online operations and experience."}
{"id": "doc10699", "text": "The OmniSuite platform and its applications enable Fabletics to deliver personalized service with a 360-degree view of customer transactions and interactions across all channels. In addition, Fabletics customers can shop and transact online or offline without friction."}
{"id": "doc10700", "text": "Other benefits the retailer obtains from its proprietary platform include the ability to deliver personalized greetings to in-store customers in fitting rooms, where digital screens display various ways to style the clothes they’re trying on in that moment. Birthday messages, promotions, and other personalized content is available to in-store customers, who can also take advantage of other enhancements like requesting assistance via a dressing room iPad."}
{"id": "doc10701", "text": "Fitting room iPads also feature user-generated content, product details, outfit suggestions, and current promotions. OmniShop enables Fabletics to track clothing from fitting room to transaction, so the brand knows how product is moving in real-time. If a shopper decides to hold off on buying, their item and feedback is tracked on their online profile, so they can buy online later if they choose."}
{"id": "doc10702", "text": "Since expanding into brick-and-mortar in 2015, Fabletics has expanded to 38 North American retail stores, with the goal of opening up to 100 stores nationwide."}
{"id": "doc10703", "text": "Specialty running chain Fleet Feet has debuted a new retail format that combines personalized in-store fitting with rapid home delivery."}
{"id": "doc10704", "text": "Located in Portland, Ore., the new Fleet Feet Drop Shop concept offers the brands 3D foot scanning technology and personalized outfitting experience with free, two-day home delivery. At about 1,300 square feet, the store has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location. "}
{"id": "doc10705", "text": "The store carries try-on samples of the top 35 mens and womens shoe models in every size they come in. Once the customer, with the help of store associates, decides on the desired shoe, size and color, the employee places the order, which the customer will receive via home delivery in two days. There is no charge for the shipping."}
{"id": "doc10706", "text": "“Theres nothing more frustrating for the customer than not having the shoe size and color they want in stock, said Wade Pannell, owner of 10 Fleet Feet locations, including the new concept. At about 1,300 sq. ft., Fleet Feet Drop Shop has a smaller footprint than a traditional Fleet Feet location, but weve removed the constraints of physical inventory in order to maximize every square foot of the customer experience. We saw an opportunity to develop a concept shop sized for the urban retail environment that doubled down on convenience and selection for the customer.”"}
{"id": "doc10707", "text": "In addition to utilizing 3D foot scanning, Fleet Feet Drop Shop features the company’s “fit engine,” an algorithm that assists store associates in shoe selection through purchase insights from the over 2 million scans captured at Fleet Feet stores nationwide since 2017.  "}
{"id": "doc10708", "text": "Founded in 1976, Fleet Feet is the largest franchisor of locally owned and operated running stores with 182 locations in 37 states and a national headquarters in Carrboro, N.C. "}
{"id": "doc10709", "text": "October is shaping up as a busy month for Dick’s Sporting Goods."}
{"id": "doc10710", "text": "The sporting goods retailer will open five namesake stores and two Golf Galaxy stores in October. Following the openings of the new locations, the company will have a total of 732 Dick’s Sporting Goods stores and 95 Golf Galaxy stores in 47 states. "}
{"id": "doc10711", "text": "The locations and opening dates of the new stores are listed below."}
{"id": "doc10712", "text": "Dicks Sporting Goods "}
{"id": "doc10713", "text": "City/State"}
{"id": "doc10714", "text": "Store Location"}
{"id": "doc10716", "text": "Miami"}
{"id": "doc10717", "text": "Shops at Beacon Lakes"}
{"id": "doc10718", "text": "1720 NW 117th Place"}
{"id": "doc10719", "text": "Miami, FL 33182"}
{"id": "doc10720", "text": "October 11-13"}
{"id": "doc10721", "text": "Waterbury, Conn."}
{"id": "doc10722", "text": "Brass Mill Commons"}
{"id": "doc10723", "text": "275 Union St."}
{"id": "doc10724", "text": "Waterbury, CT 06705"}
{"id": "doc10725", "text": "October 11-13"}
{"id": "doc10726", "text": "West Jordan, Utah"}
{"id": "doc10727", "text": "Jordan Landing"}
{"id": "doc10728", "text": "7682 S. Campus Drive"}
{"id": "doc10729", "text": "West Jordan, UT 84084"}
{"id": "doc10730", "text": "October 11-13"}
{"id": "doc10731", "text": "Conroe, Texas"}
{"id": "doc10732", "text": "336 Marketplace "}
{"id": "doc10733", "text": "251 S. Loop 336 West"}
{"id": "doc10734", "text": "Conroe, TX 77304"}
{"id": "doc10735", "text": "October 25-27"}
{"id": "doc10736", "text": "Golf Galaxy"}
{"id": "doc10737", "text": "City/State"}
{"id": "doc10738", "text": "Store Location"}
{"id": "doc10740", "text": "Downers Grove, Ill."}
{"id": "doc10741", "text": "Butterfield Plaza"}
{"id": "doc10742", "text": "1434 Butterfield Road"}
{"id": "doc10743", "text": "Downers Grove, IL 60515"}
{"id": "doc10744", "text": "October 26-27"}
{"id": "doc10745", "text": "DICKS Sporting Goods and Golf Galaxy"}
{"id": "doc10746", "text": "City/State"}
{"id": "doc10747", "text": "Store Location"}
{"id": "doc10749", "text": "Dallas"}
{"id": "doc10750", "text": "Best Buy Plaza"}
{"id": "doc10752", "text": "Dallas, TX 75231"}
{"id": "doc10753", "text": "October 26-27"}
{"id": "doc10754", "text": "Three retailers and one restaurant chain are tops when it comes to delivering customer service."}
{"id": "doc10755", "text": "Neiman Marcus came in second in a ranking by Newsweek Media as one of Americas Best Customer Service Brands (Disney Cruise Line was No.1). The other retail brands that cracked the top 10 were Chick-fil-A (No. 5), L.V. Bean (No.6) and Publix (No. 9). A full list of the top 10 is at end of article."}
{"id": "doc10756", "text": "The Newsweek ranking was based on an independent survey of more than 20,000 U.S. customers conducted by global market research firm Statista, which ranked retailers and service providers in 160 categories overall. "}
{"id": "doc10757", "text": "In addition to ranking the brands overall, the Newsweek survey also listed the top brands in 160 different consumer categories (to see the entire list on Newsweek.com click here). "}
{"id": "doc10758", "text": "Here is a look at some of the top brick-and mortar brands by category:"}
{"id": "doc10759", "text": "Here are the top 10 brands overall:"}
{"id": "doc10760", "text": "1"}
{"id": "doc10761", "text": "Disney Cruise Line"}
{"id": "doc10762", "text": "2"}
{"id": "doc10763", "text": "Neiman Marcus"}
{"id": "doc10764", "text": "3"}
{"id": "doc10765", "text": "The Ritz-Carlton"}
{"id": "doc10766", "text": "4"}
{"id": "doc10767", "text": "Edward Jones"}
{"id": "doc10768", "text": "5"}
{"id": "doc10769", "text": "Chick-fil-A"}
{"id": "doc10770", "text": "6"}
{"id": "doc10771", "text": "L.L.Bean"}
{"id": "doc10772", "text": "7"}
{"id": "doc10773", "text": "National Storage Affiliates"}
{"id": "doc10774", "text": "8"}
{"id": "doc10775", "text": "Embassy Suites"}
{"id": "doc10776", "text": "9"}
{"id": "doc10777", "text": "Publix"}
{"id": "doc10778", "text": "10"}
{"id": "doc10779", "text": "Beau Coup"}
{"id": "doc10780", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10781", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10782", "text": "The New Year brought with it with minimum wage hikes in a total of 26 states and the District of Columbia."}
{"id": "doc10783", "text": "That’s according to an analysis by payroll experts Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. The report noted that California was set to raise the minimum wage rates by $1 on January 1 ($12.00 per hour for employers with 25 employees or less, and $13.00 per hour for employers with 26 employees or more)."}
{"id": "doc10784", "text": "The minimum wage has gone up to $11 an hour for most workers in New Jersey, and to $11.80 for most places in New York State. (New York Citys. minimum wage is set at $15.00 per hour for all employers.)"}
{"id": "doc10785", "text": "Here is a summary by Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. of the states that will be impacted by minimum wage increases in 2020:"}
{"id": "doc10786", "text": "  Alaska"}
{"id": "doc10787", "text": "$10.19 per hour, up thirty cents from $9.89 per hour, based on a 3% increase in the cost of living. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation. School bus drivers are to be paid two times the minimum wage."}
{"id": "doc10788", "text": "Arizona"}
{"id": "doc10789", "text": "$12 per hour, up from $11 per hour.  In addition, employees are entitled to paid sick leave, at the rate of one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked, but with limits based on the size of the employer."}
{"id": "doc10790", "text": "Arkansas"}
{"id": "doc10791", "text": "$10.00, up from $9.25 per hour. The minimum wage will reach $11.00 by 2021."}
{"id": "doc10792", "text": "California"}
{"id": "doc10793", "text": "$13.00 per hour, for businesses with 26 or more employees; $12.00 for smaller employers. On April 4, 2016, California Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. signed legislation to gradually raise the state minimum wage with annual increases to reach $15 by 2022 for businesses with 26 or more employees and by 2023 for smaller employers. The plan also allows for the Governor to pause wage hikes, to be determined by September 1 of each year for the next year, if negative economic or budgetary conditions emerge. "}
{"id": "doc10794", "text": "Colorado"}
{"id": "doc10795", "text": "$12.00 per hour, up from $11.10 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10796", "text": "Connecticut"}
{"id": "doc10797", "text": "$11 per hour, scheduled to increase to $12 on September 1, 2020. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15 per hour in 2023."}
{"id": "doc10798", "text": "District of Columbia"}
{"id": "doc10799", "text": "$14.00 per hour. The minimum wage is scheduled to increase to $15.00 on July 1, 2020.  The minimum wage for tipped employees is $4.45, and is scheduled to increase to $5 per hour on July 1, 2020. Starting in 2021 both wage rates will be adjusted based on inflation. DC Law 21-144 (Act 21-429; B21-712), effective from August 19, 2016 (63 DC Register 11135)."}
{"id": "doc10800", "text": "Florida"}
{"id": "doc10801", "text": "$8.56 per hour, up 10 cents, based on a 1.12% increase in the cost of living. Tipped employees must be paid $5.54 per hour, also up 10 cents from the 2019 rate. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation."}
{"id": "doc10802", "text": "Illinois"}
{"id": "doc10803", "text": "$9.25 per hour, up from $8.25. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15 in 2025."}
{"id": "doc10804", "text": "Maine"}
{"id": "doc10805", "text": "$12 per hour, up from $11."}
{"id": "doc10806", "text": "Maryland"}
{"id": "doc10807", "text": "Beginning in 2020, the minimum wage is $11, increasing at different increments to reach $15 in 2025 for large employers and in 2026 for small employers. "}
{"id": "doc10808", "text": "Massachusetts"}
{"id": "doc10809", "text": "$12.75 per hour, an increase of 75 cents. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15.00 by 2023."}
{"id": "doc10810", "text": "Michigan"}
{"id": "doc10811", "text": "$9.65, up from $9.45 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10812", "text": "Minnesota"}
{"id": "doc10813", "text": "$10.00 per hour (up from $9.86) for employees of large employers with an annual gross volume of sales not less than $500,000. Small employers must pay employees a minimum wage of at least $8.15 per hour (up from $8.04)."}
{"id": "doc10814", "text": "Missouri"}
{"id": "doc10815", "text": "$9.45, up from $8.60 per hour. The minimum wage will increase by 85 cents per hour each year until 2023, when the state minimum wage will reach $12.00 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10816", "text": "Montana"}
{"id": "doc10817", "text": "$8.65 per hour, up 15 cents, based on a 1.75% change in the cost of living and rounded to the nearest 5 cents. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation."}
{"id": "doc10818", "text": "Nevada"}
{"id": "doc10819", "text": "$8.25 per hour for employees who do not receive health benefits, to increase to $9.00 on July 1, 2020. $7.25 per hour for employees who do receive health benefits applies, to increase to $8.00 eff. July 1, 2020."}
{"id": "doc10820", "text": "New Jersey"}
{"id": "doc10821", "text": "$11.00 per hour for most employees, up from $10.00 per hour. $10.30 per hour for those in seasonal employment, who work on a farm for an hourly or piece-rate wage, or who work for an employer with fewer than six employees. The minimum wage is scheduled to reach $15.00 for most employees in 2024, and for those in seasonal employment, who work on a farm for an hourly or piece-rate wage, or who work for an employer with fewer than six employees in 2026."}
{"id": "doc10822", "text": "New Mexico"}
{"id": "doc10823", "text": "$9.00 per hour, up from $7.50. The minimum wage will increase to $12.00 in 2023."}
{"id": "doc10824", "text": "New York"}
{"id": "doc10825", "text": "Tiered/Rates vary by region: $15 per hour in New York City; $13 per hour in Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester counties (then $1 each year after, reaching $15 on 12-31-2021); $11.80 per hour in remainder of the state (then another .70 each year after until reaching $12.50 on 12-31-2020). The piece rate for Agricultural workers must be equivalent to the basic minimum wage, unless a youth rate certificate is issued (wage rate then must be equivalent to the youth rate). Existing wage orders are to be adjusted to reflect the wage increases. Paid family leave is also part of the Budget Bill."}
{"id": "doc10826", "text": "The minimum wage for workers in fast food establishments is $15 per hour in New York City and $13.75 per hour in the rest of the state."}
{"id": "doc10827", "text": "The minimum wage at all airports (LaGuardia, JFK and Newark Liberty International) is $15.60, and will reach $19 in 2023."}
{"id": "doc10828", "text": "Ohio"}
{"id": "doc10829", "text": "$8.70 per hour, up 15 cents from $8.55 per hour, based on a 1.5% increase in the cost of living. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation. The minimum wage rate applies to employees of businesses with annual gross receipts of $319,000 per year (changed from $314,000 in 2019). For employees at smaller companies and for 14- and 15-year-olds, the state minimum wage is $7.25 per hour, which is tied to the federal rate."}
{"id": "doc10830", "text": "Oregon"}
{"id": "doc10831", "text": "The state minimum wage is tiered, with the highest rate in the Metro Portland area at $12.50 per hour ($13.25 eff. July 1, 2020), the lowest in rural (non-Urban) areas at $11.00 per hour ($11.50 eff. July 1, 2020), and a minimum wage of $11.25 per hour ($12.00 eff. July 1, 2020) in the rest of the state. Scheduled increases per S.B. 1532, L. 2016."}
{"id": "doc10832", "text": "Pennsylvania"}
{"id": "doc10833", "text": "$7.25 per hour, but $12.00 for employees under Governors jurisdiction."}
{"id": "doc10834", "text": "Rhode Island"}
{"id": "doc10835", "text": "$10.50 per hour per H.B. 5175, L. 2017."}
{"id": "doc10836", "text": "South Dakota"}
{"id": "doc10837", "text": "$9.30 per hour, up 20 cents from $9.10 per hour, based on a 1.7% increase in the cost of living. Wage rates are adjusted annually based on inflation."}
{"id": "doc10838", "text": "Vermont"}
{"id": "doc10839", "text": "$10.96 per hour. This is an 18-cent scheduled increase over the current $10.78 per hour."}
{"id": "doc10840", "text": "Washington"}
{"id": "doc10841", "text": "$13.50 per hour, for employees who have reached the age of 18, per voter-approved Initiative 1433, effective January 1, 2017."}
{"id": "doc10842", "text": "The Department of Labor and Industries will resume calculating the minimum wage for calendar years 2021 and beyond, based on increases in the cost of living. Workers under 16 years old can be paid 85 percent of the adult minimum wage, or $11.48 per hour, in 2020. The initiative also guarantees paid sick time to workers, allowing workers to accrue one hour of paid sick leave for every 40 hours worked."}
{"id": "doc10843", "text": "*The above excludes minimum wage rates in Seattle."}
{"id": "doc10844", "text": "A new platform-agnostic study from eBay Inc. reveals specific benefits for small-to-mid-sized businesses (SMBs) who sell via online marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc10845", "text": "According to the eBay Global Marketplace Index (GMI), more than four in 10 (44%) U.S. SMBs say that selling through online marketplaces allows them to keep their physical stores open. When respondents were asked how the additional income from selling through marketplaces has helped them, 23% responded that they were able to reinvest in their communities. This percentage rose to 33% among SMBs with annual marketplace sales greater than $200,000."}
{"id": "doc10846", "text": "Almost eight in 10 (77%) respondents said the income from building an online business gives them financial security. This figure reached almost nine in 10 (89%) among respondents who are physical store owners. About half (48%) of respondents have been able to get out of debt using the money they make from marketplaces."}
{"id": "doc10847", "text": "Other notable findings include:"}
{"id": "doc10848", "text": "The GMI identifies five (5) universal dimensions as drivers of empowerment – lifestyle impact, financial security, financial growth, marketplace tools, and business environment. To quantify performance within these dimensions, 2,500 small online business owners were surveyed across five countries (U.S., U.K., Germany, Australia, and South Korea). Each dimension is equally weighed at 20 points, resulting in a maximum index score of 100 points."}
{"id": "doc10849", "text": "Each country scored above 80 in the GMI, with 85% of small business owners around the world saying their online business gives them freedom or flexibility and more than 77% saying their online business gives them confidence or control. GMI scores for each country are as follows:"}
{"id": "doc10850", "text": "Country"}
{"id": "doc10851", "text": "United States"}
{"id": "doc10852", "text": "Australia"}
{"id": "doc10853", "text": "United Kingdom"}
{"id": "doc10854", "text": "Germany"}
{"id": "doc10855", "text": "South   Korea"}
{"id": "doc10856", "text": "GMI Score"}
{"id": "doc10857", "text": "88.4"}
{"id": "doc10858", "text": "84.3"}
{"id": "doc10859", "text": "83.4"}
{"id": "doc10860", "text": "82.1"}
{"id": "doc10861", "text": "80.2"}
{"id": "doc10862", "text": "To create the GMI, eBay commissioned leading market research firm Euromonitor International."}
{"id": "doc10863", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow will take the stage at the National Retail Federation’s 109th annual convention — NRF 2020 Vision: Retail’s Big Show in New York City — in January. "}
{"id": "doc10864", "text": "The award-winning actress will discuss the story behind goop, her popular lifestyle and wellness brand, on Tuesday, January 14, in a closing keynote fireside chat with Ellevest CEO and co-founder Sallie Krawcheck. Paltrow will discuss her career path in building the wildly successful luxury lifestyle brand and the valuable lessons she has learned along the way."}
{"id": "doc10865", "text": "Paltrow launched goop from her kitchen as a weekly newsletter in 2008. The brand has since grown from friendly health and travel recommendations to a multi-platform lifestyle brand hosting content and products, as well as health and wellness summits."}
{"id": "doc10866", "text": "Paltrow is one of the top CEOs scheduled to appear at the conference, joining the presidents and CEOs of Microsoft, Mastercard, Hudson’s Bay Company, Walmart U.S., Crate and Barrel, Best Buy, Starbucks and Nordstrom among others."}
{"id": "doc10867", "text": "An estimated 38,000 retailers from nearly 100 countries are expected to the convention, which will be held January 12-14."}
{"id": "doc10868", "text": "Meijer has entered into a long-term agreement with Citi Retail Services to provide private label and co-brand credit card services for Meijer."}
{"id": "doc10869", "text": "Under the terms of the agreement, Citi will become the exclusive issuer of the private label and co-brand credit card program for Meijer, which has more than 245 stores throughout Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Wisconsin. The agreement begins on February 24, 2020, and Meijer cardholders can expect to receive new cards in the mail in mid-February."}
{"id": "doc10870", "text": "Meijer customers can apply for a Citi Retail Services-backed Meijer credit card beginning March 1, 2020. New cardholders will receive $10 off their first purchase at Meijer, save $0.10 per gallon at Meijer gas stations every day, earn a $10 reward for every $750 spent and receive exclusive savings offerings."}
{"id": "doc10871", "text": "“At Meijer, we’re always looking for ways to provide value to our customers,” Meijer President & CEO Rick Keyes said. “We believe this new relationship with Citi Retail Services will extend benefits to our customers while also providing them yet another way to shop our stores."}
{"id": "doc10872", "text": "An e-tail giant and a luxury fashion brand are curating an online assortment and shopping experience that honor Women’s History Month."}
{"id": "doc10873", "text": "Coinciding with both Women’s History Month in March and International Women’s Day (Sunday, March 8), Amazon and Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) are launching Amazon x #InCharge. Through the new collaborative Amazon x #InCharge site, customers will be able to read the stories of inspiring women business owners, shop their products, and see DVF founder Diane von Furstenberg’s favorite books by female authors."}
{"id": "doc10874", "text": "A few of the female-owned businesses that will be featured include Cora, OBIA Naturals, and PiperWai. The product assortment varies from women’s health ad beauty care items to apparel to personal electronics. The site also features select branded “Women In Charge” products, such as totes, jewelry and T-shirts, from DVF."}
{"id": "doc10875", "text": "In addition, Amazon is offering a curated collection of items from female artisans on its Amazon Handmade microsite for handcrafted items and featuring women-owned startups on its Amazon Launchpad marketplace."}
{"id": "doc10876", "text": "“I am thrilled to work with Amazon to highlight women-led businesses and share their stories with millions of Amazon customers in celebration of International Women’s Day. As part of this first-of-its kind initiative, I’m also excited to launch an exclusive collection of #InCharge merchandise available to Amazon customers during Women’s History Month,” said Diane von Furstenberg."}
{"id": "doc10877", "text": "DVF is also partnering with Mastercard to promote women’s empowerment. The collaboration includes The InCharge Conversations presented by Mastercard, which will include an event series to be held at the DVF New York flagship store throughout the year, as well as the launch of the DVF InCharge podcast on Spotify. The effort will focus on female voices across important topics including entrepreneurship, career, philanthropy, health, family and finances, while also providing networking and mentorship."}
{"id": "doc10878", "text": "Mastercard is also placing Diane von Furstenberg on the Mastercard Women Business Advisory Council, aimed at advancing the mission of women founders across industries with the support, mentorship and insights."}
{"id": "doc10879", "text": "Pinterest users can now try on lipstick — virtually."}
{"id": "doc10880", "text": "The social platform is introducing an augmented reality-based service called Try On, supported by its Lens visual search solution, in its mobile app. Customers can open the Pinterest camera in search, click “try on” to find different lipstick shades, and swipe up to shop. They can virtually try on various products, save for later shopping, or buy through the retailer’s site. "}
{"id": "doc10881", "text": "Participating companies include Estée Lauder, Sephora, bareMinerals, and Neutrogena; as well as L’Oreal brands NYX Professional Makeup, YSL Beauté, Lancôme, and Urban Decay. A “try on” button will also appear on select products, as well as in search with related terms like “matte lipstick” or “red lips”."}
{"id": "doc10882", "text": "Pinterest has integrated Try On with its skin tone range feature, so users can see similar lip shades on skin tones that match their own. Customers can also take a photo of their virtual try-on and save it as a pin which they can shop later. The service does not feature skin smoothing or image altering effects to help ensure accurate virtual representations."}
{"id": "doc10883", "text": "In addition, below the Try On feature, users can browse “more like this” to see select pins with related looks. If customers see someone wearing a lip color they like in a pin, they will be able to try on a similar shade by clicking see similar looks.  Increasingly, retailers of beauty products are utilizing AR and virtual reality (VR) to provide customers a realistic digital view of how cosmetics products would look on them. Amazon and Macy’s are both leveraging artificial intelligence (AI)-based AR technology from ModiFace to enable its virtual cosmetic try-on experiences."}
{"id": "doc10884", "text": "Meanwhile, Ulta Beauty offers GlamLab, an AR-based mobile app feature that enables customers to see how different beauty products would look on them. The retailer is also piloting an AR-based try-on service in its stores. Other retailers leveraging AR for virtual cosmetics try-on include Sally Beauty and MAC Cosmetics."}
{"id": "doc10885", "text": "Try On for lipstick is currently available in the U.S. on iOS and Android mobile. Pinterest says there will be more categories to come."}
{"id": "doc10886", "text": "1-800-Flowers.com is rolling out enhancements across its digital, mobile and voice channels."}
{"id": "doc10887", "text": "The specialty gift retailer is attempting to streamline its omnichannel shopping experience as the Valentine’s Day rush approaches. The new features 1-800-Flowers is unveiling include an intelligent virtual assistant (IVA) which combines artificial intelligence (AI) and human interaction."}
{"id": "doc10888", "text": "The IVA enables customers to perform voice-based self-service tasks such as tracking order status, applying order modifications, and browsing FAQs without live agent support. Natural language processing (NLP) technology enables customers to speak naturally when interacting with automated voice assistants."}
{"id": "doc10889", "text": "In addition, a hybridized customer care system recognizes customer intent and communicates with live agents to eliminate wait times and help route and solve customer queries as efficiently as possible. And an adaptable, AI-powered agent learns with each customer interaction, using order history and phone number recognition, to provide increasingly-personalized service to returning customers over time. "}
{"id": "doc10890", "text": "Furthermore, 1-800-Flowers has revamped its mobile app and desktop site. App features include a one-tap buying experience in the new “trending gifts” section, a personalized “Blooms for You” newsfeed with personalized updates on product introductions, promotional offers and calendar reminders, self-service order tracking, live interaction with a gift concierge via Apple Business Chat through iMessage on iOS, and a gift finder with tailored product recommendations. "}
{"id": "doc10891", "text": "Other new mobile features include a 3D and augmented reality (AR) tool that enables shoppers to preview top-selling Valentine’s Day arrangements in 3D and then in their own spaces with AR using their mobile devices. On Apple Pay-enabled devices, customers can also seamlessly check out and pay within the AR experience. "}
{"id": "doc10892", "text": "For all mobile transactions, 1-800-Flowers is now accepting payment through Venmo. Additionally, for the first time, Venmo and other digital payment wallets, including Apple Pay and Google Pay, can be used in the retailer’s continuity programs."}
{"id": "doc10893", "text": "Desktop enhancements include faster loading times and an image optimization tool that enhances site speed and performance while depicting clearer and more vivid imagery to users, streamlined checkout forms, a seamless shipping information page and address auto-complete with Google Maps, complimentary e-cards, and one-click log-in."}
{"id": "doc10894", "text": "“As customers prepare to find the perfect gift for their Valentine, we are pleased to introduce new and unique ways to interact with 1-800-Flowers.com while providing a significantly enhanced shopping journey,” said Tom Hartnett, president, 1-800-Flowers.com. “We believe gift-givers will enjoy the increasingly-sophisticated and highly-personalized experience they’ll encounter as they look to express, connect and celebrate with those they love in the coming weeks – and well beyond.”"}
{"id": "doc10895", "text": "America’s largest auto retailer stays connected with customers in a very direct way."}
{"id": "doc10896", "text": "Auto Nation Inc. is expanding its Connected Car program to additional markets. The retailer supports the program, which is powered by an in-vehicle adapter and app, with technology from Automatic Labs, a SiriusXM company. It allows customers to have in-vehicle access to safety services such as a crash alert service, as well as timed vehicle health notifications."}
{"id": "doc10897", "text": "Automatics Dealer Insights platform and customized analytics deliver daily reports to AutoNation, including information such as lists of customers with active recalls, engine light check alerts, service recommendations, and various data points about the health and performance of customer vehicles. AutoNation uses this data to send targeted communications to its customers specific to their vehicles service and maintenance needs."}
{"id": "doc10898", "text": "Initially, AutoNation launched the Connected Car program at five stores in April 2019. Since launch, the retailer says 97% of customers who activated at point-of-sale remain engaged with Automatic month over month. In turn, AutoNation has benefitted from higher retention of customers vehicle maintenance and service business."}
{"id": "doc10899", "text": "Following the successful launch of the AutoNation Connected Car Program, we are excited to expand the program in additional markets across the country. Our customers have recognized and appreciated the value of Automatic, and now we will be delivering that value to many more customers, said Marc Cannon, executive VP and chief marketing officer at AutoNation."}
{"id": "doc10900", "text": "An e-tail giant’s automotive marketplace is enabling customers to buy and sell vehicles via mobile app."}
{"id": "doc10901", "text": "eBay Motors is launching an all-new, automotive-focused app in the U.S. for Apple iPhone and Android. Starting Dec. 12, customers can use the free app to list, search and shop for vehicles. Features include a personalized homepage, streamlined listing capabilities, and improved search filters. "}
{"id": "doc10902", "text": "Shoppers can instantly access eBay Motors’ selection of vehicle inventory, while sellers can list their vehicles to eBay’s buyers. When selling a vehicle, the user will be prompted by the app to take a photo of the license plate, which the app will use to automatically populate key details such as make and model, year, and vehicle identification number (VIN). Sellers can also upload images and a video of the vehicle. "}
{"id": "doc10903", "text": "When listing or viewing a vehicle on the new eBay Motors app, images of the vehicle will be automatically organized by artificial intelligence (AI) to provide a listing which eBay says will look like it was created by a mechanic. Buyers can perform featured searches to filter results by attributes such as type of vehicle, cars from favorite movies, or vintage cars that were popular in years past. Shoppers can save search results with a “favorites” feature. "}
{"id": "doc10904", "text": "“eBay Motors is the premier destination for auto enthusiasts and general car buyers looking for great value and selection, and it was our mission to distill those offerings into a functionality-packed app made by car-lovers for car-lovers,” said Ron Jaiven, GM of eBay Vehicles. “With the new launch, we’re serving an elevated experience that is unrivaled in the market for buyers and sellers alike, and is a game-changer in the way users buy and sell cars.”"}
{"id": "doc10905", "text": "Macy’s holiday hiring is on pace with last year, but it’s increasing seasonal positions in a fast-growing area of its business."}
{"id": "doc10906", "text": "The department store giant plans to hire approximately 80,000 workers for positions at its Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s stores, call centers and distribution and fulfillment centers for the 2019 holiday season. The company’s physical stores will still account for a majority of the hires, but about 30,000 of the 80,000 seasonal positions will be based in fulfillment facilities, which is up some 6,500 positions from 2018.  Approximately 1,000 workers will be hired to assist customers via telephone, email and online chat at customer service centers."}
{"id": "doc10907", "text": "In addition, 1,000 people will be hired to support the 93rd annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade, Santalands, and other iconic holiday events."}
{"id": "doc10908", "text": "Macy’s noted that a seasonal position with the company doesn’t necessarily end after the holidays. In 2018, more than 8,000 seasonal workers joined Macy’s permanently after the holiday season. And nearly one-third of the company’s store leadership colleagues started their careers at Macy’s during the holiday season."}
{"id": "doc10909", "text": "“Our colleagues play an important role in providing the iconic Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s holiday experiences,” said John Harper, Macy’s chief stores officer. “We pride ourselves on being an employer of choice in all markets where we do business. Our colleagues receive a competitive hourly rate, which is paid weekly, and the opportunity to earn our Path to Growth Incentive, a quarterly bonus offered to all colleagues who qualify. Seasonal colleagues also receive a 20% merchandise discount and access to flexible scheduling with the ability to swap and pick up available shifts.”"}
{"id": "doc10910", "text": "Macy’s will hold a national hiring event on Thursday, October 24, 2019, from 11 a.m. – 7 p.m., in local time zones. Events will be held at all stores, call centers, and distribution and fulfillment centers."}
{"id": "doc10911", "text": "Macy’s is reportedly closing its technology office in San Francisco on April 1, with at least some layoffs as a result."}
{"id": "doc10912", "text": "According to Business Insider, Macy’s CEO Jeff Gennette informed the more than 1,000 employees at the office, including 880 full-time staffers and roughly 200 contract workers, of the upcoming closure. Operations conducted at the San Francisco office, which include product and digital revenue, Macys.com, and technology, will be moved to existing Macy’s offices in New York City and Atlanta."}
{"id": "doc10913", "text": "A Macy’s spokesperson said some employees will be given the opportunity to transfer to positions in the New York or Atlanta offices, and eligible employees will receive severance pay and outplacement assistance. A notice sent to the state of California indicates 831positions, including senior managers, engineers, and analysts, will be affected by the closure."}
{"id": "doc10914", "text": "Macy’s, which hosts an investor day on Wednesday, Feb. 5, recently confirmed it is closing 29 stores across the country following declines in same-store sales during the third quarter and holiday season 2019. "}
{"id": "doc10915", "text": "Macy’s is closing a store in its hometown."}
{"id": "doc10916", "text": "The department store giant is shuttering its location at Northgate Mall in Cincinnati, reported the Cincinnati Business Courier. Macys confirmed to the Business Courier that it is closing the Northgate store, with a clearance sale beginning this month. The final closing date has not yet been set. In addition to its Northgate Mall location, Macy’s plans to close at least 10 other stores, the report said."}
{"id": "doc10917", "text": "In separate reports, the retailer confirmed it will close the following locations:"}
{"id": "doc10918", "text": "• RiverGate Mall, Goodlettsville, Tenn.;"}
{"id": "doc10919", "text": "• Westfield Meriden Mall, Meriden, Conn.;"}
{"id": "doc10920", "text": "• University Mall, Carbondale, Ill.;"}
{"id": "doc10921", "text": "• Macon Mall, Macon, Ga.; and"}
{"id": "doc10922", "text": "• Ohio Valley Mall, St. Clairsville, Wis."}
{"id": "doc10923", "text": "Macys will share details of its growth strategy and three-year plan when it hosts an Investor Day on Feb. 5, at the New York Stock Exchange. "}
{"id": "doc10924", "text": "Macy’s Inc. is getting ready for a big reveal."}
{"id": "doc10925", "text": "The department store giant is planning to open a new freestanding store format that will include a strong beauty element, reported WWD. The store, which will include a café, will debut in Southlake, Texas. "}
{"id": "doc10926", "text": "The concept will take an apothecary-based approach to beauty, and feature both established and new, emerging brands, according to the report. It is also believed the store will have a wellness component.  "}
{"id": "doc10927", "text": "Macy’s has been mum about the new concept. But its job site features listings for a “new retail concept” in Southlake. The listings include one for a kitchen supervisor and also one for a café team member, whose duties will include serving alcohol. "}
{"id": "doc10928", "text": "“We’re looking to hire someone who can make a delicious latte, serve up a fancy cocktail and encourage our customers to try our assortment of tasty bites!,” the listing reads. “Our ideal candidate is someone who has a love of coffee and spirits. This person is enthusiastic about sharing their passion and has an upbeat, professional and customer service driven personality.”"}
{"id": "doc10929", "text": "According to the WWD report, and judging by the wording of the listings, the new concept is being driven by Macy’s brand officer Rachel Shechtman. She is the founder of the New York store Story, which changes its merchandising theme every six weeks. Macy’s acquired the company in 2018 and has since opened in-store Story shops at 36 department stores nationwide. Its latest theme is wellness."}
{"id": "doc10930", "text": "The holidays can be a blue time for retailers of CPG products, or cheery with the right promotional and pricing strategies."}
{"id": "doc10931", "text": "According to data from Nielsen, 75% of U.S. adults are “omni-shoppers” who buy products both online and offline. However, one-third of these omnishoppers have not purchased CPG products online. "}
{"id": "doc10932", "text": "However, the holidays are the largest single point of entry for new consumers in the online space, including CPG shoppers. Nielsen data reveals that in the fourth quarter of 2018, 9 million more shoppers made a CPG purchase online than in fourth-quarter 2017, amounting to $1.64 billion in year-over-year growth for the quarter. "}
{"id": "doc10933", "text": "Looking at what motivates consumers to make an online purchase, Nielsen found that product deal (36%) and free/reduced shipping (31%) were by far the two biggest motivators. Following were novelty (26%) and subscription service (5%)."}
{"id": "doc10934", "text": "Zeroing in on the motivating power of free or reduced shipping costs, Nielsen analysis indicates that two-thirds of new fourth-quarter 2018 online shoppers used Amazon as their point of entry. As a result, many other retailers are offering free next-day delivery to effectively compete. Because most of these retailers have a minimum spend requirement for free shipping, customers will often add one more item to their shopping carts to qualify. "}
{"id": "doc10935", "text": "Nielsen advises this offers CPG brands and retailers an opportunity to better understand the variance in online basket compositions compared with brick-and-mortar, so they can effectively develop cross-promotions and targeted ads. "}
{"id": "doc10936", "text": "In addition, Nielsen advises CPG companies looking to obtain new online customers during the holiday season to improve page listings whenever possible, as the percentage of sales falls drastically for items that are not listed on the first page of sales results. CPG companies are also advised to automate competitive pricing processes, which can drive up to 17% growth in brand performance on Amazon."}
{"id": "doc10937", "text": "Consumers were in a spending mood for the official kick-off of the holiday shopping season."}
{"id": "doc10938", "text": "Beginning on Thanksgiving Day, consumers spent an estimated average of $504, with 50$ spending more than last year, setting the stage for a strong season, according to the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC).  "}
{"id": "doc10939", "text": "ICSC, surveying more than 1,000 U.S. adults in conjunction with Engine Insights, reported Sunday that discount department stores were the most popular destinations for shoppers. In other findings, consumers visited an average of 12 stores over the weekend, ICSC said."}
{"id": "doc10940", "text": "“The holiday season is officially under way and top-performing retailers will be those connecting with consumers through both physical and digital channels,” said said Tom McGee, president and CEO of ICSC."}
{"id": "doc10941", "text": "A fast-food giant is using mobile technology to help employees manage their careers."}
{"id": "doc10942", "text": "McDonalds is launching a new career exploration mobile app called “Archways to Careers” designed to assist store associates with education and career advancement, at McDonalds or elsewhere. Built in partnership with the Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (CAEL), a nonprofit adult education and training group, and with support from national success coaching organization InsideTrack, the app serves as a real-time career advising tool."}
{"id": "doc10943", "text": "Archways to Careers connects employees to InsideTracks advisors who will support, coach, and help them create a career path. This effort builds on McDonald’s Archways to Opportunity program, which aids store associates in learning English language skills, earning a high school diploma, benefiting from education and career advisors, and receive upfront college tuition assistance up to $3,000 after 90 days of employment."}
{"id": "doc10944", "text": "The app offers an interest assessment and career exploration feature intended to help users identify potential careers. Users can also work with an advisor to plot a personalized educational plan. In particular, the content in the app builds on insights from a 2018 McDonald’s workforce preparedness study which identified top industries employees aspire to be in, including arts/entertainment, technology, entrepreneurship, healthcare, and restaurant/food service, by surfacing roles across some of these fields. Additionally, users will be able to explore opportunities at McDonalds restaurants and corporate headquarters that match their interests and skills."}
{"id": "doc10945", "text": "The McDonalds system workforce has immeasurable talent to offer, and with its existing education benefits coupled with this rich new mobile experience, restaurant employees are better equipped to discover and advance their careers, positioning themselves for long-term career success no matter where they end up, said Rob Lauber, global chief learning officer, McDonald’s. We are proud to continue to invest in and create more opportunity for those that work at McDonalds."}
{"id": "doc10946", "text": "The app is available for download for both iOS and Android devices. McDonalds operates 14,000 U.S. restaurants, 95% of which are independently owned."}
{"id": "doc10947", "text": "Carvana is launching as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in Minneapolis."}
{"id": "doc10948", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars, Carvana allows customers to shop more than 15,000 vehicles on its site in as little as 10 minutes, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc10949", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc10950", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in 149 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not Minneapolis) offer “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases. “As we continue our rapid growth in the Midwest, and beyond, expanding our offering into Minnesota allows us to reach a large population of car buyers,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We’re looking forward to bringing Minneapolis our easy, transparent online car buying experience and as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery.”"}
{"id": "doc10951", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars is coming to a metro region in New Mexico."}
{"id": "doc10952", "text": "Carvana is launching as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in the Santa Fe, New Mexico, area. In as little as 10 minutes, customers can shop more than 15,000 vehicles on the Carvana site, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc10953", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc10954", "text": "“As we grow our presence in the southwest, Santa Fe is instrumental in bringing our transparent car buying solution to more and more customers,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We look forward to now offering as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery to Santa Fe residents, and increasing our presence in a state that has welcomed us for nearly three years.”"}
{"id": "doc10955", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in 148 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not Santa Fe) offer “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases. "}
{"id": "doc10956", "text": "Carvana is providing soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery to three new markets in Minnesota and one in Wisconsin."}
{"id": "doc10957", "text": "An omnichannel platform for buying and selling used cars, Carvana has launched operations in the Minnesota metro markets of St. Cloud, Mankato, and Rochester; as well as in Eau Claire, Wis. Carvana allows customers to shop more than 15,000 vehicles on its site in as little as 10 minutes, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc10958", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc10959", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next day delivery in 153 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not any of its four newest) offer “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases."}
{"id": "doc10960", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10961", "text": " "}
{"id": "doc10962", "text": "Phoenix-based Carvana is adding a new market in Arizona."}
{"id": "doc10963", "text": "The omnichannel platform for buying and selling used vehicles now offers soon-as-next-day delivery in Sierra Vista, Ariz. In as little as 10 minutes, customers can shop more than 15,000 vehicles on the Carvana site, with ability to finance, purchase, trade-in, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery of a vehicle. All vehicles come with a seven-day return policy."}
{"id": "doc10964", "text": "In addition, Carvana offers a two-minute real online offer for customers who want to sell their car to the retailer. Vehicle owners can enter their car’s license plate, VIN number, and state online, and receive an official offer which is guaranteed for seven days or 1,000 additional miles. If an offer is accepted, Carvana will pick the car up as soon as the next day and pay by check on the spot, after inspecting the vehicle. Customers can also enter a vehicle’s year, make, model, and trim to receive an online estimate."}
{"id": "doc10965", "text": "“As we continue expanding in our home state, we look forward to offering Sierra Vista area residents as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery,” said Ernie Garcia, founder and CEO of Carvana. “We’re confident they will embrace the ease and convenience that comes with the new way to buy a car.”"}
{"id": "doc10966", "text": "Carvana now offers as-soon-as-next-day vehicle delivery in 147 markets across the U.S. Select markets (although not Sierra Vista) offers “car vending machines,” which are automated facilities designed to offer customers a convenient pickup option for online purchases."}
